      
Contents
Introduction
2 Group Corporate Philosophy
4 Framework for Sustainability Management 6 Value Creation Process
8 History of the KOBELCO Group
10 Next 100 Project
The KOBELCO Group’s Value Creation
12 Message from the President and CEO
18 Special Feature: KOBELCO’s Mission Story
Using the Group’s Collective Strengths to Reduce CO2 Emissions
24 Roundtable Talk Among Three Independent Directors
29 Message from the Newly Appointed Independent Director
30 Message from the CFO
34 Outline of the Fiscal 2016–Fiscal 2020
Group Medium-Term Management Plan 36 Mission Story
37 Materials Businesses 41 Machinery Businesses 44 Electric Power Business 47 Technical Development
50 Distinctive Technologies, Products, and Services by Customer Domain
The KOBELCO Group’s Business Foundation
57 Environmental Management and Reduction of CO2 Emissions
68 Management and Development of Human Resources
71 Health and Safety
72 Communication with Stakeholders
74 Initiatives in Response to
the Novel Coronavirus Pandemic
75 Risk Management
76 Progress of Measures to Prevent Recurrence
of the Quality Misconduct 78 Quality
80 Compliance
82 Directors
86 Corporate Governance
Corporate Data
94 10-Year Financial and Non-Financial Data 96 Results by Operating Segment
98 Global Locations of the KOBELCO Group
100 Corporate Data
Editorial Policy
The KOBELCO Group places importance on dialogue with all of its stakeholders. For this reason, the Group has been publishing integrated reports since fiscal 2018. The aim of the report is to provide a comprehensive understanding of the economic and social value created by the Group through its management strategies, business activities, social activities, and environmen- tal activities.
We hope that this report will lead to a greater understanding among all of our stakeholders of our endeavor to restore the trust that was lost by our quality misconduct, and our efforts to sustain growth through sustainability management.
Integrated Report 2020 Production Process
1. In August 2018, the Group issued its first integrated report, Integrated Report 2018. Externally, we notified stakeholders about the issuance of the report at financial results briefings and other small meetings. In-house, we used digital signage and the intranet to inform employees about the report.
2. We asked analysts, institutional investors, Group employees, and other internal and external stakeholders to give their frank assessments and opinions of Integrated Report 2019.
3. The Integrated Report Editorial Subcommittee under the CSR Committee wrote a draft of the report, with cooperation from head office departments and business divisions, in light of the aforementioned assessments and opinions.
4. We prepared Integrated Report 2020 based on discussions with the management team at meetings of such committees as the CSR Committee.
Referenced Guidelines
· Sustainability Reporting Standards of the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)
· ISO 26000 (Guidance on social responsibility)
· International Integrated Reporting Framework of the Inter-
national Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC)
· Guidance for Integrated Corporate Disclosure and Company-
Investor Dialogues for Collaborative Value Creation of the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry
Disclaimer Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
This Integrated Report contains forward-looking statements about the Company’s forecasts, beliefs, expectations, aims, and strategies. These forward-looking statements are based on the Company’s judgments and assumptions using currently avail- able information, and these forecasts may differ substantially from actual results due to a variety of factors that may change over time, such as uncertainties within its judgments and assumptions, future business operations, and changes in condi- tions inside and outside the Group. Kobe Steel assumes no responsibility for revising these forward-looking statements or other content in this report.
Below is a list of factors that may contribute to these uncer- tainties and changes. This is not a complete list of such factors.
· Changes in economic conditions, demand, and prices in major markets
· Political situations in major markets and regulations, including trade regulations
· Fluctuations in foreign exchange rates
· Availability and prices of raw materials
· Products and services, price strategies of competitors,
business developments including alliances and M&A
· Changes in strategies of partners with ties to the Company.
Scope of Reporting
In principle, this Integrated Report covers the activities of Kobe Steel and its domestic and overseas Group companies.
Period of Reporting
This Integrated Report covers fiscal 2019, from April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020. However, when necessary, this Integrated Report refers to fiscal years before and after the period.
In fiscal 2020, Kobe Steel reorganized the Iron & Steel Business and the Aluminum & Copper Business into two new business divisions, the Steel & Aluminum Business and the Advanced Materials Business, to focus on materials and parts, respectively.
       KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020 1

Introduction
Group Corporate Philosophy
        2 KOBELCO Group
Integrated Report 2020
KOBELCO Group
Integrated Report 2020 3
KOBELCO Group’s New Corporate Philosophy
In May 2020, we established a new corporate philosophy of the KOBELCO Group by adding two new statements consisting of KOBELCO’s View of the Future and KOBELCO’s Mission to the Core Values of KOBELCO and Six Pledges of KOBELCO.
This new Group Corporate Philosophy forms the basis for all business activities undertaken by the KOBELCO Group serving as an anchor for all employees of the KOBELCO Group in making decisions. Based on the Group Corporate Philosophy, the KOBELCO Group promotes sustainability management. With the trust placed in it by all stakeholders, including shareholders, investors, customers, suppliers, local communities and Group employees, Kobe Steel aims to sustain growth while contributing to the environment and society through its business activities.

Introduction
Framework for Sustainability Management
 KOBELCO’s Mission KOBELCO’s View of the Future
Our mission is to provide solutions to We envision a world in which people,
  Promotion of Sustainability Management Based on the Group Corporate Philosophy
Sustainability management is an ongoing topic for the KOBELCO Group looking ahead toward the next medium- term management plan. The KOBELCO Group promotes sustainability management based on the Group Corporate Philosophy, identifying key management issues and classifying them into two categories: (1) a value creation area that contributes to the growth of business, and (2) a management foundation area that prevents erosion of corporate value.
the needs of society, by making the best use of the talents of our employees and our technologies.
KOBELCO’s assets and strengths lie in the various talents of each employee as well as in its diverse technologies that support our broad range of businesses. We have cultivated these advantages in an effort to meet the needs of the times.
We continue to take on the challenge of transcending organizational boundaries and conventional thinking to solve increasingly complex issues, while supporting the foundations of society.
now and in the future, can fulfill their hopes and dreams while enjoying safe, secure, and prosperous lives.
Our technologies, products, and services are not only for those who live in the present, but also for future generations.
KOBELCO sees a sustainable, beautiful, and flourishing world in the future, with safety and security in people’s lives. Such a future will give rise to value that creates new conveniences and comfort and help people fulfill their hopes and dreams.
   Key management issues are divided into a value creation area and a management foundation area, both of which are addressed based on the Group Corporate Philosophy.
Group Corporate Philosophy
* Newly formulated in May 2020
• KOBELCO’s View of the Future
• KOBELCO’s Mission
• Core Values of KOBELCO
• Six Pledges of KOBELCO Men and Women
Key Issues to Address
Offensive / Business Value creation area
Defensive / Functions and Governance Management foundation area
Promotion of business management with awareness of SDGs
Promotion Tools
          Social Issues to be Solved through Core Businesses
Create new value by providing products and services through R&D and manufacturing
SDGs
17 global goals and 169 targets
ESG External Assessments
Objective evaluation of Group activities
     Prerequisites for Continued Existence
Convey the lessons learned from the quality misconduct. Fulfill various new social responsi- bilities in addition to complying with laws and regulations and adhering to corporate ethics
 Information disclosure
 Use of assessments
   Framework for Promoting Sustainability Management
In promoting sustainability management, priority issues are addressed through a management cycle that centers on the Executive Council and the CSR Committee. While proactively disclosing information and utilizing promotion tools, such as ESG external assessments and SDGs, Kobe Steel has put into place a system that allows the Board of Directors to monitor sustainability management.
The CSR Committee’s Structure and Functions
Organizational Relationship of the CSR Committee
  Compliance Committee
 Nomination & Compensation Committee
 Quality Management Committee
Consult Advise
     President & CEO
 Executive Council
4 KOBELCO Group
Integrated Report 2020
KOBELCO Group
Integrated Report 2020 5
Board of Directors
Advise Propose
Supervise
Advisory Committees
   Chair (person in charge):
Report to the Board of Directors: Meetings:
Functions:
Hajime Nagara, Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer
Once every quarter
Once every quarter
Create and follow up on the master schedule for CSR activities / Promote and monitor subcommittees and Group CSR activities / Assess the Company’s CSR (ESG, SDGs) activities and identify issues / Examine and advise on the Group’s Medium-Term Management Plan and annual CSR action plans / Disseminate information inside and outside the Company
  Committees
Subcommittees
   CSR Committee
 Environmental Management Subcommittee
 KOBELCO Community Contribution Fund Steering Subcommittee
 Integrated Report Editorial Subcommittee
 CO2 Reduction Promotion Subcommittee
  IT Strategy Committee
 R&D Committee
Etc.
  
Introduction
Value Creation Process
Providing Social and Environmental Value While Enhancing Sustainable Corporate Value
The KOBELCO Group contributes to the resolution of social issues by creating new value through the provision of tech- nologies, products, and services based on a sustainability management framework rooted in its new Group Corporate Philosophy. At the same time, we aim to improve corporate value while fulfilling our various social responsibilities.
  Group Corpor
Sustainability Management
ate Philosophy
    Inputs
Financial Capital (Fiscal 2018) • Total assets:
• Free cash flow (Excluding project financing):
Human Capital
Outputs
Outcomes
   Story of our mission ( p. 36–49)
Distinctive technologies, products, and services
by customer domain
( p. 50–55)
     Steel & Aluminum
 Advanced Materials
Offensive / Business
Value creation area Social issues to resolve through core businesses
Defensive / Functions and Governance
Management foundation area Prerequisites for continued existence ( p. 57–93)
   Welding
 Machinery
 Engineering
 Construction Machinery
      Electric Power
Technological Development
  ¥2,384.9 billion ¥61.4 billion
Financial Capital (Fiscal 2019) • ROA:
• D/E ratio
(Excluding project financing):
• Free cash flow (Excluding project financing):
Human Capital
( ) = targets
– 0.3% (5%) 1.19x (Below 1x) Negative ¥112.0 billion
 • Promotion of diversity
• Development of human resources
• Occupational health and safety initiatives
• Enhancement of dialogue between top manage-
ment and employees
Production Capital and Intellectual Capital
• Capital investment (Acceptance inspection basis, including intangible assets):
• R&D spending:
• Enhancement of monozukuri* capabilities
• Creation of compelling products, enhancement
and deployment of 21 core technologies that
support our advanced monozukuri capabilities
• Creation of new value for the future
• Ratio of female managers (Non-consolidated): 2.6%* * Up 1.1 percentage points (25 people) from fiscal 2015
• Ratio of women among new hires (Non-consolidated): 14.2%
• Lost time injury frequency rate (LTIFR)0: .25 (0.10)
  * Craftsmanship in manufacturing
Natural Capital
Production Capital and Intellectual Capital
• Improved work efficiency with RPA
2,680 hours per month reduced in the Steel & Aluminum Business
Natural Capital
• Total CO2 emissions (
• Contribution to reducing CO2 emissions ( p. 63):
¥239.8 billion ¥35.8 billion
• Employee awareness survey (
p. 11)
• Dialogue between the President and employees:
55 times
   • Total energy use (
• Water use ( p. 66):
32.6 million tons • Water recycling rate ( p. 66): 96.1%
p. 66):
  Social and Relationship Capital
• Initiatives to restore trust
• Enhancement of dialogue with all stakeholders
Social Capital
• Progress on measures to prevent recurrence of the quality misconduct ( p. 76)
• Promote dialogue with shareholders ( p. 72)
196 PJ (1 PJ = 1015J) 47.3 million m3
p. 62):
(FY2030 target: 49 million tons)
Risks and Opportunities
( p. 39, p. 42, p. 45)
External Environment
( p. 39, p. 42, p. 45)
Monitoring of Seven Business Management Indicators
(1) Safety
(2) Quality stability (3) Environmental
management
(4) Legal & contractual compliance
(5) Employee awareness (6) Customer satisfaction (7) Economics
16.5 million tons
        6 KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020
KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020 7

Introduction
History of the KOBELCO Group
In 1905, the general partnership trading company Suzuki Shoten acquired a steel business in Wakinohama, Kobe, called Kobayashi Seikosho, operated by Seiichiro Kobayashi, and changed its name to Kobe Seikosho. Then, in 1911 Suzuki Shoten spun off the company to establish Kobe Steel Works, Ltd. at Wakinohamacho, Kobe.
Started as a steel casting and forging business, the KOBELCO Group contributes to resolving issues faced by customers and society by leveraging its expertise, technologies, and manufacturing capabilities fostered in a broad range of business fields that cover the Steel & Aluminum, Advanced Materials, Welding, Machinery, Engineering, Construction Machinery, and Electric Power segments.
Other
Materials
FY2019
¥1,869.8
billion
 1914
Begins machinery business
Begins first domestic
development of air compressors
1926
1930
Begins construction machinery business Completes first domesti-
cally produced electric mining shovel
Machinery
1962
Begins overseas plant business Japan’s first plant
export (East Pakistan, currently Bangladesh)
Iron & Steel
Overseas sales Domestic sales
1983
Acquires U.S. company Midrex Technologies, Inc. Begins direct reduction ironmaking plant business
Aluminum & Copper
1996
Enters wholesale power supply (IPP) business
Enters field follow- ing deregulation
2002
Starts up Kobe Power Plant
Begins commercial operations
Machinery
Electric Power
 2016
Begins Electric Power Business
Net Sales
               1905 1916
1937
Begins aluminum business
Begins aluminum casting and forging
1955
Achieves first industrial produc of titanium metal in Japan
1959
Establishes integrated steel production
Starts up Nadahama No. 1 Blast Furnace
 Begins steel casting and forging business
products business
Begins production of rolled steel products
1917
Begins copper business
Begins production of copper tubes and bars
1940
welding electrodes in Japan
1968
Establishes tion production
base in Thailand for welding electrodes
1970
Completes Kakogawa Works
1979
Develops ARCMANTM welding robot
Machinery
Iron & Steel, Welding
2006
Starts up processing plant for special steel wire rod used in auto- mobiles in China Starts up aluminum forging plant for auto- motive suspension products in U.S.
2014
Establishes base in China for manu- facture and sale of automotive cold- rolled, high- strength steel
2016
Begins producing aluminum panel material at Tianjin plant in China Becomes first Japanese company in China to
produce automotive aluminum panel material
2017
Consolidates upstream processes at Kakogawa Works
    Begins steel business
 FY1990
¥1,321.4
billion
  Net Sales
 Begins welding business Produces the first
2017
Acquires world’s leading isostatic press manufacturer, Quintus Technologies of Sweden
2018
Establishes pro- duction and sales base (KPEX) in the U.S. for aluminum extrusions and fabricated products
2020
Reorganizes materials segment
      1975
Introduces automated guideway transit (AGT) system
Begins operation of AGT system “KRT” at Okinawa
International Ocean Exposition
2004
   Begins engineering business
Completes Japan’s first cement plant
Establishes manufacturing and sales base for standard compressors in China
2006
Establishes manufac- turing and sales base for nonstandard compressors in U.S.
2014
Celebrates 100th anniversary of machinery business
               FY1955
Net Sales
  ¥24.7
billion
2019
Starts commercial operations at Moka Power Plant
          1905
1905
Founded when major pre-war conglomerate Suzuki Shoten enters heavy industry field
1937
Lists on stock exchanges in Tokyo, Osaka, and Kobe (Currently listed on stock exchanges in Tokyo and Nagoya)
1960
Opens office in New York
1979
Establishes KOBELCO as international unified trademark
1988
Establishes U.S. headquarters in
New York
(Integrates New York Office into headquarters. Consolidates headquar- ters with Detroit Office
Establishing the Group and laying business foundations
1950
 in 2017) Notes: 1. Domestic sales have been calculated by deducting overseas sales (on the basis of monetary amounts of exports until 1998 and on the basis
of consolidated overseas sales from 1999 onward) from net sales (on a non-consolidated basis until 1980 and on a consolidated basis from 1981 onward). 2. The pie charts’ net sales breakdowns have been calculated based on the simple total for each segment, which includes intersegment transactions.
Expanding and improving production systems and developing business globally
1970
Creating and establishing the KOBELCO brand
1990
1995
Suffers damage in Great Hanshin-Awaji Earthquake Restarts blast furnace two and a
half months after earthquake
Evolving diversified management and contributing to local communities
2000
Establishes Corporate Code of Ethics
2005
2005
Celebrates
100th anniversary
2006
Establishes corporate philosophy
Strengthening management and business systems for the next 100 years
2011
Establishes China headquarters
2016
Establishes medium- to long-term business vision KOBELCO VISION “G+”
2017
Launches Next 100 Project
Discovers misconduct and establishes measures to prevent recurrence Establishes headquar-
ters in Southeast Asia and South Asia
2020
2019
Establishes regional headquarters in Europe
Launches Rolling of Medium-Term Management Plan (Fiscal 2019–Fiscal 2020)
2020
Formulates Group Corporate Philosophy
              8 KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020 KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020 9
                              Materials Machinery Electric Companywide Power

Introduction
Next 100 Project
Aiming to unite all employees, create a corporate group full of pride, confidence, passion and hope, and achieve sustainable development, the KOBELCO Group launched the Core Values of KOBELCO Next 100 Project in fiscal 2017, looking at the next 100 years. A key focus of this initiative is to further instill the KOBELCO Group’s Corporate Philosophy and to prevent us from forgetting the quality misconduct (namely, remember- ing the lessons learned). The project is promoting recognition and empathy among all employees toward the Next 100 Project activities, as well as participation and practice by all employees, hoping that such actions of each individual will grow into the corpo- rate culture and take firm root in the organization. We aim to achieve sustained growth and contribute to the environment and society through our business activities, respond- ing to the trust of our stakeholders, along with our efforts to instill our new Group Corporate Philosophy in all of our corporate activities, spreading it within and outside the Group.
Recognition and empathy
Dialogues between Management and Employees
President Yamaguchi and other senior executives continue to talk to employees at business locations in Japan and overseas to convey the meaning of the Group Corporate Philosophy and the messages incorporated in it, in an effort to proactively express management’s commitment to these initiatives and reforms to restore trust. As of the end of April 2020, President Yamaguchi has engaged in dialogues on a total of 105 occasions at 70
business locations inside and outside Japan. Due to the COVID-19 outbreak, these dialogues were moved to online forums in fiscal 2020.
Dialogues with online tools
KOBELCO Core Values Place
The KOBELCO Core Values Place was set up in a KOBELCO Group’s training facility in June 2019 for execu- tives and Group employees to visit, with the aim of passing on to future generations the lessons learned from the qual- ity misconduct that came to light in October 2017. As of the end of March 2020, approximately 2,000 people have paid a visit. In fiscal 2020, we plan to open similar training facili- ties at each business location and create opportunities for employees to virtually visit the facility with online tools.
Participation and practice
Dialogue Platforms
Dialogue Platforms are implemented in each department with participation of all employees working at Kobe Steel and its Group companies with the objectives of (1) instilling the Group Corporate Philosophy, (2) remembering the les- sons learned from the quality misconduct, and (3) promot- ing two-way communication within the organization. In fiscal 2019, one of the topics of discussion was the KOBELCO Group’s reason for existence in society, and all employees were given opportunities to discuss this topic. The Dialogue Platforms served well in drawing out the opin- ions of Group employees in formulating the new Group Corporate Philosophy. We will continue to hold Dialogue Platforms as a means of stimulating communication between managers and their subordinates.
Pledges by All Employees
To encourage each and every employee to participate and put into practice the Group Corporate Philosophy, Kobe Steel solicits all of its employees to make pledges with actionable targets in personnel evaluation sheets and
booklets about the Group Corporate Philosophy. In fiscal 2020, pledges made by senior management were shared with the entire Group over the intranet and in-house news- letters, and department heads also began to announce their pledges in their workplaces.
KOBELCO Core Values Awards
In fiscal 2019, KOBELCO Core Values Awards commenced as an initiative to instill the Corporate Philosophy throughout the Group with an aim to promote recognition of activities that exemplify the spirit of the Group Corporate Philosophy and help nurture a better corporate culture. For the first round of awards, a total of 250 applications were receive- dand 15 activities were awarded, including those given the Grand Prix and Associate Grand Prix. By sharing good examples of activities throughout the Group, we aim to further participation and practice of the Group Corporate Philosophy.
Identification of issues
Employee Awareness Survey
Since fiscal 2018, Kobe Steel has conducted employee awareness surveys as part of a framework to comprehen- sively understand the current state and issues regarding the awareness of employees for their work and their company, as well as the state of organizations. In fiscal 2019, the employee awareness survey was also conducted at domestic Group companies. The results of the fiscal 2019 survey at Kobe Steel show overall improvement from the previous fiscal year, but some issues still need to be addressed. The survey will be conducted every year to monitor changes in employee awareness and the state of organizations, while continuously making improvements for sustainable development.
Summary of Survey Conducted in Fiscal 2019
        Fiscal 2019 Topics
New Initiatives Adding Depth to Ongoing Efforts
In fiscal 2019, the Next 100 Project introduced new initia- tives, which include the Mission Statement Project, the creation of the KOBELCO Core Values Awards, and the establishment of the KOBELCO Core Values Place, in addi- tion to the ongoing efforts such as dialogue activities between top management and employees, Dialogue Platforms, and employee surveys. All of these new initia- tives contributed to adding further depth to the activities that are being implemented. In the three years since the Next 100 Project began, we have seen some progress in the recognition and empathy among employees. Although there has been improvement in terms of participation and practice of each individual in the workplace, we believe further improvement is necessary. We will continue to pro- mote these activities from fiscal 2020 onward to instill our corporate philosophy on a deeper level.
Bottom-Up Formulation of the New Group Corporate Philosophy
The quality misconduct discovered in October 2017 was a catalyst that led us to greater awareness of our customers and consumers at the end of the supply chain. We embarked on the Mission Statement Project to bring clarity to the KOBELCO Group’s vision for society and to redis- cover the KOBELCO Group’s reason for existence in soci- ety. We took a bottom-up approach in the process of formulating a new Group Corporate Philosophy, creating opportunities for all employees, not just managers and spe- cific members, to discuss and think about these issues at a Dialogue Platform held in each workplace and other occa- sions with the objective of deepening recognition and empathy among Group employees through this formulation process. After gathering the opinions and thoughts of Group employees, we created the new Group Corporate Philosophy in May 2020 (see page 3).
       Schedule for Fiscal 2020 Initiatives
KOBELCO Core Values Month*
October
KOBELCO Gathering
Revisions to personnel evaluation sheets and booklet entries
      Dialogues between management and employees
April
May
June
July
August
September
Fiscal 2019: First round of Awards
 Grand Prix
Associate Grand Prix
(Trust category) “KOBELCO WELDING WAY” by the Welding Business, Kobe Steel
(Trust category) “Giving Science Lessons at Schools” by Kobelco Construction Machinery
(Collaboration category) “Thank You Diary” by the Iron & Steel Business, Kobe Steel
(Innovation category) “KoCoLab Enhances Co-creation and Technology Fusion” by the Technical
Development Group, Kobe Steel
    November
December
January
February
March
    Spread awareness through intranet, in-house newsletters, etc.
   Promote KOBELCO Core Values Place
Incorporate into the training program for department heads
Personnel evaluation sheets and Make booklet entries pledges
March 6 Work together
       Hold event for KOBELCO Core Values Day
     Employees make pledges
   Train department heads on Dialogue Platforms
Implementation period
  Implement Dialogue Platforms
  Implement from October 1
     Organize KOBELCO Core Values Awards
   Enhance promotions and department activities
Application period Feedback: October
Selection for awards in May
Period: Scope:
Response rate: Summary of the results:
July 16–31, 2019
All employees working at the Company (excluding Board members and new hires after April 2019)
90.0%
Overall improvement was seen with a majority of categories showing improvement. Many categories did not reach the level targeted in absolute terms.
              Conduct compliance and employee awareness surveys, and provide feedback
 Conduct survey
Utilize results
  * Kobe Steel designated the month of October as the Core Values of KOBELCO Month, to provide an opportunity for all employees to think about how they can avoid breaches of compliance and prevent other employees from violating compliance.
Note: Results of the survey for fiscal 2020 are currently in preparation.
10 KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020
KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020 11
Recognition and empathy Participation and practice
Identification of issues

The KOBELCO Group’s Value Creation
Message from the President and CEO
   Mitsugu Yamaguchi
President, CEO and Representative Director
12 KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020 KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020 13
As we strive to prosper and sustain growth, the true value of the KOBELCO Group’s comprehensive capabilities with diverse technologies is being tested in this unprecedentedly challenging business environment. We are pushing ahead with reforms, including a shaking up of our business portfolio, for the next 100 years without being afraid of change.
Our Response to the COVID-19 Pandemic
Our first and foremost priority is the safety and health of all our stakeholders
 The KOBELCO Group believes its highest priority is to pro- tect the safety and health of its customers, employees and their families. While making every effort to prevent the spread of the novel coronavirus, the Group is continuing operations to ensure an uninterrupted supply of essential products and services for social infrastructure. Recognizing this as our social responsibility and mission, we are working diligently to this end.
We established a Companywide COVID-19 response office in January 2020. This organization was upgraded in April to a Companywide response headquarters (headed by the president) and charged with ensuring appropriate business continuity while taking measures in response to COVID-19 based on the three basic policies. On May 25, the Japanese government decided to completely lift the state of emergency. Meanwhile, Kobe Steel is continuing to implement measures at all of its bases in Japan so that employees can work remotely from home. We are encour- aging our employees to telework to the extent possible by making necessary arrangements to continue business operations unimpeded. Head offices, branch offices and sales offices are to reduce the ratio of employees coming to
Three Basic Policies
work to less than 50%, and similar targets were set by respective divisions at other business locations. If they come to work, employees have been instructed to com- mute during off-peak hours, always wear masks, and take other measures to prevent the spread of the novel corona- virus. In principle, all business trips inside Japan that require transportation by bullet train or airplane are prohibited. All international travel is forbidden. Additionally, the Board of Directors and Executive Council have moved to online con- ferences for making important decisions that affect the entire company.
Since the KOBELCO Group also has bases in China, we were able to rapidly assess the outbreak in China and set up the response office at an early stage.
Steelworks operate 24 hours a day. This is why it is essential that we make every effort to prevent infections, avoid closed and crowded spaces, and limit to the extent possible close contact among people across the entire Group. We are keenly aware that the Group’s responsibility to society entails operating its manufacturing sites and ensuring a reliable supply of products. We will fulfill this responsibility while making sure our employees stay safe.
  1. We place the highest priority on safety and health for all stakeholders in Japan and overseas, including customers, business partners, community members, employees of the KOBELCO Group and others working on company premises, and their respective families.
2. In order to fulfill our social responsibility, we continue to provide products and services neces- sary to maintain the social infrastructure and other aspects, while carrying out thorough pre- ventive measures against infection.
3. We implement timely and appropriate information disclosure to fulfill our accountability to stakeholders.

The KOBELCO Group’s Value Creation
Message from the President and CEO
  The Rolling of the Medium-Term Management Plan (Fiscal 2019–Fiscal 2020)
Urgent Issues to Address with a Sense of Crisis
generate profits by focusing on its fields of expertise, such as special steel and ultra-high-strength steel sheets.
2. Delayed Expansion in Demand
In the aluminum sheet business, Kobe Steel’s strengths are derived from its technological advantages and high market share in automotive materials. Despite a decision made by management to invest (capital expenditures and strategic investments) in automotive materials, we have seen a delay in aluminum applications in the industry and a slowdown in sales of automobiles in China since then. For these rea- sons, the Company was forced to downgrade its forecasts for demand, and as a result, returns on these investments will take much longer to materialize than initially anticipated.
To rectify this issue, Kobe Steel newly established the Application Technology Center in April 2020 to lead efforts for improving solutions proposed to customers. At the same time, the Company aims to increase profits by reduc- ing fixed costs, including emergency measures to improve profitability, in addition to expanding overall sales mainly focusing on beverage can stock.
3. Issues with Monozukuri Capabilities
In fiscal 2019, we recorded impairment losses on fixed assets in the titanium, aluminum suspension and aluminum
casting and forging businesses, where the Company has high shares of markets with strong growth potential. Such earnings deterioration is attributed mainly to our monozukuri capabilities on the productivity and cost side, despite stren- uous efforts to win orders to expand business and market share. In the relatively large materials businesses of steel, aluminum and copper, another problem was a delay in establishing a management structure to expand the parts business, where markets and business customs are different. Starting with the Advanced Materials Business, which was created in the April 2020 reorganization, the Company aims to secure stable sources of earnings through business management that emphasizes profitability, including the streamlining of product lines, in the titanium, aluminum sus- pensions and aluminum casting and forging businesses. More specifically, with a focus on strengthening business management, we will reinforce business planning and management functions, including monitoring of order-tak- ing decisions, while improving monozukuri capabilities and parts business strategies for each demand field centered on parts.
In the steel casting and forging business, where changes in the industry structure have undermined earnings, we aim to secure steady profits by reducing fixed costs to match demand and improving prices to maintain business continuity.
Progress on the Rolling of the Medium-Term Management Plan has been beset by challenges arising from external con- ditions, mainly deterioration in demand, while also encoun- tering numerous issues caused by internal factors.
Under the current Medium-Term Management Plan, Kobe Steel aims to establish a business enterprise centered on the three core business areas of materials, machinery and electric power, and has implemented measures to achieve this objective through fiscal 2018. Key initiatives included measures to establish a stable earnings foundation by consolidating upstream operations in the steel business and advancing new power generation projects, in addition to pursuing growth opportunities through automotive weight reduction strategies. Furthermore, the Company strength- ened corporate governance and reinforced its business foundation through the Core Values of KOBELCO Next 100 Project (activities looking ahead to the next 100 years).
Kobe Steel laid out investment plans for its automotive weight reduction strategies, pursuing growth opportunities, but has not yet earned a return on these investments due to major changes in demand in a deteriorating external business environment.
In the Rolling of the Medium-Term Management Plan, announced in May 2019, Kobe Steel identified and then
enacted measures for two key themes in fiscal 2019–fiscal 2020, namely (1) strengthening profitability with a focus on materials, and (2) making efficient use of management resources and strengthening the business base. In fiscal 2019, the Company made more progress than anticipated on increasing the efficient use of management resources in terms of reducing strategically held shares, among other plans. With regard to strengthening profitability with a focus on materials, however, fixed costs have not been reduced as much as we had intended, despite being able to cut costs as planned (mainly variable costs) through the con- solidation of upstream operations at Kakogawa Works. This slow progress is attributable to an increase in maintenance work costs to ensure stable output and issues with our monozukuri* capabilities, notably production issues at an aluminum-related business unit.
As evidenced by the significant amount of impairment losses on fixed assets the Company booked in fiscal 2019, Kobe Steel has not made adequate progress on strength- ening its monozukuri capabilities or improving sales prices in the materials businesses, in addition to delays in achiev- ing returns on strategic investment projects. The KOBELCO Group’s most pressing issue now is to strengthen profit- ability with a focus on materials.
* Craftsmanship in manufacturing
Promotion of Sustainability Management Based on the Group Corporate Philosophy
Taking on challenges to solve social issues for continued value creation
KOBELCO Group’s Strengths and Future Issues
Facing Reality, Embracing Change without Fear
Over the past few years, the concepts of ESG and SDGs have caught on as values shared around the world. These shared goals aim to enhance the sustainability of society and corporations. As the world confronts a variety of social issues, corporations have become increasingly oriented toward sustainability management that strikes a balance between economic value and social value, in their position as global enterprises. Here, it is important for companies to sustain growth in their corporate value through an approach of providing value to both society and the environment. Sustainability cannot be truly achieved unless value is pro- vided to both society and the environment, while compa- nies generate sustainable profits.
In May 2020, the KOBELCO Group created a new Corpo- rate Philosophy for the Group. Starting with the Core Values of KOBELCO and the Six Pledges of KOBELCO Men and
Women as the basis, KOBELCO’s View of the Future and KOBELCO’s Mission were incorporated into the new cor- porate philosophy. KOBELCO’s View of the Future and
We are facing an unprecedentedly challenging business environment, with flagging demand due to U.S.–China trade friction and the COVID-19 pandemic. In order to prosper and sustain growth, the KOBELCO Group must directly face reality and embrace change without fear.
In the materials businesses, where we are addressing pressing issues with a sense of crisis, management has identified the following three factors behind the deteriora- tion in earnings.
1. Changes in Industry Structure
Kobe Steel increased its cost competitiveness in the steel businesses by consolidating upstream operations at steel- works in 2017. However, earnings worsened owing to
structural problems arising from higher raw material costs and lower product prices, in addition to fixed costs remain- ing stuck at high levels. Despite these circumstances, Kobe Steel has maintained its competitive advantages in special steel wire rod and ultra-high-strength steel sheets for automobiles.
Looking ahead, Kobe Steel will rapidly work to reduce fixed costs while monitoring profitability and production volume, in addition to improving sales prices by focusing on products that have competitive advantages in the market. In light of shrinking production of crude steel in Japan, management is also examining changes to the production structure. Instead of chasing profits by selling commodity products on a large scale, the Company aims to steadily
 14 KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020 KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020 15

The KOBELCO Group’s Value Creation
Message from the President and CEO
  KOBELCO’s Mission were carefully crafted from the bottom up over the course of a year, reflecting various opinions gleaned from discussions by employees on the Dialogue Platform at their workplaces.
Furthermore, the KOBELCO Group updated its frame- work for sustainability management, making its approach to sustainability management more presentable and easily understood by people both inside and outside the Company. The idea behind this is to divide all of the KOBELCO Group’s activities into either the value creation area, which realizes business growth, or the business foundation area, which prevents damage to corporate value, and to advance all of these activities based on the Group Corporate Philosophy.
For employees, this framework is designed to accelerate
the PDCA cycle for checking the current status of issues and initiatives being undertaken and taking actions for solu- tions. It also serves as a compass for connecting initiatives undertaken by organizations and individuals with the Group Corporate Philosophy. Additionally, this framework is shared externally with stakeholders as an essential part of the KOBELCO Group’s value creation process of creating both economic and social value.
The promotion of sustainability management based on the Group Corporate Philosophy will be a recurring theme in the next Medium-Term Management Plan. To be an indis- pensable company to customers and society, we believe the mission of the KOBELCO Group is to continue creating new value while addressing social issues.
expansion of businesses that help reduce the environmen- tal load and the search for growth opportunities in the machinery businesses. We will pursue growth opportunities that translate into value that only the KOBELCO Group can offer, by fusing together technologies accumulated in various fields such as the Company’s electric power business, the initiatives for water treatment, waste processing, and effec- tive biomass power generation undertaken by the consoli- dated subsidiary Kobelco Eco-Solutions Co., Ltd., as well as the unsurpassed direct reduction ironmaking process at the U.S. consolidated subsidiary Midrex Technologies, Inc. From the lessons we learned from our quality misconduct, the Company is pushing forward coordinated efforts across
To Our Stakeholders
business divisions at an organizational level while increasing such awareness among employees. As our cross-divisional task force has made progress on efforts to reduce CO2 emis- sions, we have come to have heightened awareness of utiliz- ing resources available Companywide.
Kobe Steel will introduce ROIC metrics to strengthen management of its business portfolio, in an aim to further evaluate business within the context of (1) specializing in truly competitive products and services and (2) tackling future growth fields and new fields.
The third step is (3) reexamining the business foundation and organizational structures that support our businesses to enable organic connections across diverse businesses.
Concepts and Framework of the Next Medium-Term Management Plan
Priority on specializing in truly competitive products and services
Transforming KOBELCO into a company indispensable to customers, society and employees
Toward the upcoming Medium-Term Management Plan, Kobe Steel is working to keep fixed costs as low as possible while curtailing expenditures on investment by screening capital investments and financing as a part of emergency measures to increase earnings and cash flow due to the uncertain out- look brought about by the COVID-19 pandemic.
We will begin by (1) specializing in truly competitive prod- ucts and services, objectively evaluating the position, strengths
and weaknesses of products and services provided by the KOBELCO Group with an eye on increasing earnings power. This will necessarily entail a sweeping review of all opera- tions, including unprofitable businesses, without designating any business as a sanctuary.
The next step is (2) tackling future growth fields and new fields, in pursuit of value creation that leverages our unique advantages and diverse technologies. This initiative includes
Two years have passed since I was appointed president in 2018. As president, my first mission was to restore trust in Kobe Steel after the quality misconduct was discovered and then implement measures to prevent a recurrence on all fronts. I focused my own efforts in particular on restoring the confidence of employees that had been lost due to the quality misconduct, by engaging in dialogue with employ- ees at business locations in order to close the gap between management and employees. In this context, I believe pro- active measures taken under the Next 100 Project have led to tangible results, and I will continue to move forward with these initiatives.
However, I realize that we have not made adequate progress toward our earnings targets and objectives in the Medium-Term Management Plan, with some businesses still dealing with structural issues and other businesses needing more time to see returns on investments. I am also well aware that investors are quite disappointed with our performance so far.
The business environment has become even more chal- lenging than before, with demand softening due to U.S.– China trade friction and the COVID-19 pandemic. In order to prosper and sustain growth, the KOBELCO Group takes this new reality seriously and is working on all kinds of reforms, such as selectively focusing the business portfolio and implementing measures to leverage its collective strengths. The process industry, like the materials busi- nesses at the KOBELCO Group, requires massive amounts of energy to transform its business operations. However, we must change ourselves for the next 100 years as the world around us also changes. I believe it is my current mission to transform KOBELCO into a company indispensable to cus- tomers, society and employees. To achieve this goal, we will continue to promote sustainability management based on the Group Corporate Philosophy and create economic and social value by providing solutions to the needs of society.
We ask for the continued guidance and support of our stakeholders as we move forward.
Mitsugu Yamaguchi
President, CEO and Representative Director
Approach and Framework for the Next Medium-Term Management Plan
    Promoting Sustainability Management Based on the Group’s Corporate Philosophy
FY2023– KOBELCO VISION “G+”: All new power projects will be in operation
  KOBELCO VISION “G+”
  Current Medium-Term Management Plan (FY2016–FY2020)
Rolling of the Medium-Term Management Plan
Next Medium-Term Management Plan (FY2021–)
      Consider restructuring business portfolio
  Emergency improvement of profits and cash flow COVID-19 impact response
Approach and Framework for the Next Medium Term
Specializing in truly competitive products and services Tackling future growth fields and new fields
Reexamining the business foundation and organizational struc- tures that support our businesses
 2016 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2030 (FY)
16 KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020 KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020 17

 The KOBELCO Group’s Value Creation
Special Feature: KOBELCO’s Mission Story
 Using the Group’s Collective Strengths to Reduce CO2 Emissions
The KOBELCO Group Takes on the Challenge of Solving Social Issues with Its Unique Strengths and Technologies.
Long-Term Initiatives to Address Climate Change
Reduction of CO2 Emissions in Production Processes
Over 95% of the KOBELCO Group’s CO2 emissions come from the Steel & Aluminum Business and the Advanced Materials Business, making the reduction of CO2 emissions in their production processes a key issue. The Group’s steel, aluminum, and other products are used by a broad range of industries. As such, we have a responsibility to reduce CO2 emissions while maintaining cost competitiveness in order for our products to truly contribute to society.
The Company has endeavored to reduce CO2 emis- sions at its business locations, such as by installing high- efficiency power generation facilities at Kakogawa Works. We aim to reduce 1.1 million tons of CO2 by FY2030 (vs. BAU in FY2013) by continuing to conserve energy and invest in more efficient facilities.
Contribution to Reduction of CO2 Emissions through Technologies, Products, and Services
Through its innovative technologies, products, and services, the KOBELCO Group helps reduce CO2 emissions at the stage of use in various areas of society. With the global population poised to expand, it has become increasingly necessary for society as a whole to reduce CO2 emissions. We therefore believe reducing CO2 emissions is an impor- tant link to our growth strategy. As more automobiles are driven, cars need to become lighter in weight to improve their fuel economy. As a leading manufacturer of steel, alu- minum and welding materials, the Group can make a sig- nificant contribution to automotive weight reduction in a wider range of fields.
Midrex Technologies, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Kobe Steel, has developed the MIDREX® Process, a method for making direct reduction iron (DRI) using natural gas, which emits less CO2. The MIDREX® Process produces over 60% of the DRI in the world. We believe demand for DRI will only increase as industries move to combat climate change. By expanding sales of MIDREX® plants, we are thus able to
 Around the world, the movement toward addressing cli- mate change is gaining momentum with the start of the Paris Agreement from 2020, which was adopted at the 21st Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (COP 21).
By reducing CO2 emissions throughout its value chain, the KOBELCO Group contributes to the achievement of goals in the Paris Agreement, as well as Japan’s long-term vision and government policies, such as those embodied in Japan’s Draft Commitment and Strategic Energy Plan. These ambitions also align with KOBELCO’s View of the Future, which was integrated in the Group Corporate Philosophy in May 2020, stating “We envision a world in which people, now and in the future, can fulfill their hopes and dreams while enjoying safe, secure, and prosperous lives.” We recognize our commitment to society is tested
through our efforts to reduce CO2 emissions, as we affirm it in KOBELCO’s Mission, which states “Our mission is to pro- vide solutions to the needs of society, by making the best use of the talents of our employees and our technologies.”
In addition to reducing its own CO2 emissions, the KOBELCO Group helps reduce CO2 emissions at the stage of use in various areas of society through its innovative tech- nologies, products, and services. In a new development, the Company has created objectives for fiscal 2030 and set two management metrics, consisting of (1) Reduction of CO2 emissions in production processes and (2) Contribution to reduction of CO2 emissions through technologies, products, and services.
Taking the long-term view, we are keen to reduce CO2 emissions and achieve KOBELCO’s View of the Future.
The KOBELCO Group’s FY2030 CO2 Reduction Objectives
13 FY2030
The KOBELCO Group’s FY2030 Objectives
help reduce CO2 emissions in the future. Midrex Technologies also has technology for a direct reduction process that uses hydrogen and is working on the develop- ment of hydrogen reduction ironmaking.
Through these initiatives, the KOBELCO Group aims to reduce 49 million tons of CO2 by FY2030 through its technologies, products, and services.
Reduction of CO2 emissions in production processes
FY20
   Reduction of CO2 emissions in production processes*1
Reduction target: 1.1Mt (vs. BAU in FY2013)*2
 Contribution to reduction of CO2 emissions through technologies, products, and services
49
Reduction target:
Mt
 *1 Scope of the reduction target consists of business locations of Kobe Steel and Kobelco Construction Machinery. *2 BAU: Business as usual; emissions of greenhouse gases, or emissions per unit, assuming no additional
measures are taken
    1.1Mt
49 Mt
     0
    Contribution to reduction of CO2 emissions through technologies, products, and services
Contribute to the Paris Agreement and Japan’s long-term vision and government policies by reducing CO2 emissions throughout the value chain
    18 KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020 KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020 19

 The KOBELCO Group’s Value Creation
Special Feature: KOBELCO’s Mission Story
  FACT 1
Our Solutions to Social Issues
Contribution to Reduction of CO2 Emissions in Automotive Field
Expansion of Global Supply Structure
The KOBELCO Group has been expanding its global supply struc- ture since automotive weight reduction is a worldwide issue. The Company is making strategic investments in materials for reducing the weight of automobiles, such as automotive valve spring steel
Ultra-high-strength steel
Kobelco Angang Auto Steel Co., Ltd.
Aluminum sheets for automotive closure panels
Kobelco Automotive Aluminum Rolled Products (China) Co., Ltd.
Aluminum forged suspension products
Kobe Aluminum Automotive Products (China) Co., Ltd.
Special steel wire rods
Kobelco Millcon Steel Co., Ltd.
with a global market share of 50%, ultra-high-strength steel with a leading share of the industry, and forged suspensions for automo- biles with a top share of the domestic market.
Ultra-high-strength steel
PRO-TEC Coating Company, LLC
Aluminum extrusions and fabricated products
Kobelco Aluminum Products & Extrusions Inc.
Aluminum forged suspension products
Kobe Aluminum Automotive Products, LLC
As the importance of protecting the global environment mounts, automakers have been working to electrify and reduce the weight of automobiles in order to achieve goals for reducing CO2 emis- sions (i.e., improve fuel economy). Regulations for fuel economy and exhaust gas are likely to become stricter through 2030, adding momentum to the transition to lighter weight vehicles and electric vehicles. Environmentally friendly vehicles, such as hybrid and electric cars, often have heavy batteries, making it necessary to reduce the weight of the vehicle. However, collision safety or the rigidity of the car body cannot be sacrificed just to save weight.
In April 2020, the KOBELCO Group reorganized the materials businesses and established the Application Technology Center to further support its customers as the only manufacturer in the world to provide steel, aluminum, and welding materials and dissimilar material joining technologies. The Company proposes ideas for weight reduction in a bid to provide value as a company with tech- nologies for joining dissimilar materials. In fiscal 2019, we helped
reduce CO2 emissions by an estimated 5 million tons through prod- ucts that contribute to weight reduction in automobiles.
In addition to automotive weight savings, the KOBELCO Group has diverse technologies, products, and services that satisfy the need to comply with regulations on fuel economy and exhaust gas that are becoming stricter as vehicle electrification progresses. We will continue to help reduce CO2 emissions further. Our ongoing efforts include developing compressors and heat exchangers for hydrogen stations that will facilitate the proliferation of fuel-cell vehicles (FCVs) and more.
Contribution to Automobile Electrification
Ultra-high-strength steel
Kakogawa Works
Kobe Wire Rod & Bar Plant
Aluminum sheets for automotive closure panels
Moka Plant
Aluminum forged suspension products
Daian Works
Aluminum extrusions and fabricated products
Chofu Works
Cold-rolled aluminum for body panels
Ulsan Aluminum, Ltd.
               Fiscal 2019 contribution to reduction of CO2 emissions from automobiles and transportation
5Mt
   Fuel Economy Regulations by Region
(CO2 emission equivalent)
CO2 emissions (g/km)
  170 150 130 110
90 70 50
Japan
Magnetic steel powder
Pure iron- based soft magnetic materials
Copper alloys for high-voltage circuits
Electrification
Battery analysis
Motors, system evaluation
Fast chargers for vehicles
2 Reduction of CO2 in Ironmaking Field: Direct Reduction Ironmaking by MIDREX® Process
         15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30
U.S. China EU
31
(Year)
Europe: Decided to further tighten fuel economy and emissions regulations with a view to 2030
Japan: Laws currently being revised for 2030 regulatory values
Note: Created by Kobe Steel based on data from regulatory authorities in each country
and region
Industries outside EU-ETS scope (agriculture, households, etc.) About 55% of total
Industries subject to EU-ETS (Steel, power generation, cement, petrochemicals, etc.) About 45% of total
Phase 3 1.74% annual cap reduction
Phase 4 2.2% annual cap reduction
Cap on permissible emissions applicable under ETS
Steel has many excellent qualities as a basic material, in terms of resource abundance, production cost, and functional diversity. Steel supports our lifestyles as a core material used in social infrastructure and durable consumer goods. It is also a highly recyclable material. However, as the world population grows and society develops, steel scrap recycling cannot satisfy all of the demand for steel. Scrap steel has many impurities, such as copper and tin, making it difficult to produce high-grade steel. Clean sources of metallics are needed to dilute impurities in recycled steel. For these reasons, new steel will still have to be produced from iron ore in the future.
Steel helps reduce CO2 emissions at the stage of use in various products. One example is ultra-high-strength steel, which reduces the weight of automobiles. On the other hand, the steel industry is one of the largest emitters of CO2, and reducing these emissions has been a hot topic. New steel is mainly produced by the blast furnace method, in which coke is used to reduce the iron ore. A drawback of this reduction process is emissions of large amounts of CO2. Around the world, CO2 emission trading systems have gained momentum, as seen in the European Union and the Republic of Korea, where the steel industry is subject to cap-and- trade emission trading systems (ETS). Companies that emit
Volume of and Limit for Emissions Applicable Under European Union Emissions Trading System
         Multi-Materials That Contribute to Automotive Weight Reduction
Hoods, fenders, doors, roofs, etc.
Aluminum: Aluminum sheets for automo- tive body panels
Bumpers, door impact beams
Steel: Ultra-high-strength steel Aluminum: Aluminum extrusions
Joining and analysis
Joining: Welding materials, dissimilar material joining technology
Analysis: Structure, processing, joining analysis
Body frame
Steel: Ultra-high-strength steel Aluminum: Aluminum extrusions
Engine power trains
Steel for high-strength bolts High-strength steel powder for sintering gears
Underbody parts
Aluminum: Aluminum forged suspensions
     2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Note: Graph prepared by Kobe Steel based on EU data
2030(Year)
    greenhouse gases in excess of their emission framework must obtain emission credits from other companies or markets. In these regions, the need to reduce CO2 emissions has been increasing.
    20 KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020 KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020 21
CO2 emissions

 The KOBELCO Group’s Value Creation
Special Feature: KOBELCO’s Mission Story
 Against this backdrop, the direct reduction process is drawing attention as a next-generation ironmaking process that can sub- stantially lighten the burden on the environment. Direct reduction plants, which use natural gas to reduce iron ore, emit less CO2 than the blast furnace method. Direct reduction plants are not as large as blast furnaces and do not require coke. This is why they have mainly been constructed in developing countries that have their own natural gas resources. In advanced countries as well, electric arc furnace steelmakers have been using DRI as an alter- native to high-grade scrap and pig iron in recent years, since DRI is a clean source of iron with few impurities. Especially in Europe, the use of DRI has been attracting attention as a way to reduce CO2 emissions.
The annual global DRI production has grown dramatically, from roughly 0.8 million tons in 1970 to over 100 million tons in 2019, and it is expected to continue growing. Around two-thirds of the DRI in the world today is produced using the MIDREX® Process.
In 1983, Kobe Steel acquired U.S.-based Midrex Technologies, Inc., the company that developed the MIDREX® Process, and turned it into a wholly owned subsidiary. In the 40 years or so since then, we, as the process owner, have been promoting the MIDREX® Process around the world.
TOPICS
Direct Reduction Ironmaking Using Hydrogen
    Rotary kiln 24.0%
PERED® 2.1%
HYL/ENERGIRON 13.2%
MIDREX® 60.5%
0.79 Mt
1970
ArcelorMittal’s existing direct reduction plant at its steelworks in Hamburg, Germany
Fiscal 2019
Contribution to CO2 reduction from MIDREX® Process
23 Mt
  voestalpine’s direct reduction plant in the U.S. in operation since mid-2017
Direct reduced iron
Fe2O3 + 3CO Fe2O3 + 3H2
2Fe + 3CO2 2Fe + 3H2O
Fe2O3 + 3H2
2Fe + 3H2O
Some CO2 is inevitably released during ironmaking because the iron ore reduction process requires coke to be used in blast fur- naces, while natural gas is used in the direct reduction process. Around the world, the commercialization of hydrogen reduction ironmaking is highly anticipated because CO2 is not released dur- ing the iron reduction process that uses hydrogen as the reduc- ing agent. The KOBELCO Group has world-class technologies for hydrogen reduction ironmaking.
The MIDREX® Process is an ironmaking technology that uses natural gas, so it emits less CO2 than blast furnaces. The advan- tages of the MIDREX® Process are not limited to being a low CO2 ironmaking method. The MIDREX® Process can reduce CO2 emissions even more by replacing, in stages, the natural gas with hydrogen. Furthermore, without a large additional investment, it
is possible to transition to a hydrogen-based reduction ironmak- ing process that uses 100% hydrogen gas as the reducing agent. In this respect, the MIDREX® Process is an ideal technol- ogy for flexibly transitioning to a carbon-free society because the ratio of hydrogen can be increased in stages while keeping addi- tional costs at a minimum, together with the proliferation of hydrogen made from renewable energy sources and improve- ments in cost performance.
• Reduction reaction in the MIDREX® Process
Natural gas reduction
Hydrogen reduction
  Others 0.2%
Midrex Technologies has signed a Framework Collaboration Agreement (FCA) with ArcelorMittal S.A., the world’s leading steelmaker, to collaborate on the research and development of low CO2 ironmaking using hydrogen. Midrex Technologies will provide a direct reduction technology using hydrogen.
As a part of their agreement, Midrex Technologies has been commissioned to design a demonstration plant to produce direct reduced iron using hydrogen. The demonstration plant will be constructed inside ArcelorMittal’s steelworks in Hamburg, Germany.
This demonstration plant will perform verification of hydro- gen reduction by recovering the hydrogen contained in the top gas emitted from the existing direct reduction plant that uses natural gas as the reducing agent. The plant will produce about 100,000 tons of direct reduced iron per year, making it the world’s largest direct reduction plant that uses only hydrogen as the reducing agent.
 Total World DRI Production*
108 Mt
NEWS
Midrex Technologies, Inc.
Collaboration Agreement Signed with ArcelorMittal for Hydrogen Steel Production
  2019 World DRI Production by Process*
 * Created by Kobe Steel based on data from 2019 World Direct Reduction Statistics
2019 (Year)
 NEWS
Midrex Technologies, Inc.
Collaboration on Low CO2 Metallics and Low CO2 Ironmaking Solutions with Vale S.A. and Mitsui & Co., Ltd.
Along with Midrex Technologies, Kobe Steel has agreed to col- laborate with Vale S.A., the world’s largest iron ore producer, and Mitsui & Co., Ltd., a global trading company with a diversi- fied business portfolio that includes resource businesses, on providing the global steel industry with low CO2 metallics and low CO2 ironmaking solutions.
The KOBELCO Group will leverage its collective strengths in diverse technologies, including the MIDREX® Process, as well as its products, services and human resources, while collaborating with Vale and Mitsui & Co. on solutions for the social issue of reducing CO2 emissions in the global steel industry.
 22 KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020 KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020 23

The KOBELCO Group’s Value Creation
Roundtable Talk Among Three Independent Directors
 What has been unveiled by COVID-19?
Ito Kobe Steel’s response to the COVID-19 outbreak was swift overall, in my opinion. In January 2020, when it was still unknown whether COVID-19 would become a pan- demic, the Company rapidly set up a Companywide COVID-19 response office, and the Board of Directors dis- cussed measures at an early stage, focusing on cash flow. Bamba Kobe Steel quickly moved to implement thorough preventive measures to counter the spread of COVID-19. From the detailed reports at the Board of Directors about how the Company responded to this crisis, I could see management gave clear instructions about business trips and meetings, such as limiting the number of people who gather together. I believe such response underscores the significant progress that has been made in strengthening risk management as an organization in the wake of the quality misconduct discovered in fiscal 2017.
Kitabata Management has promptly addressed individual issues and we independent directors received reports about them in emails frequently. I was particularly impressed by the message conveyed by the president that the health of all
Drastic Improvement of Profitability
Bamba Kobe Steel is currently facing major challenges on the earnings front. The next two to three years will truly test the Company, especially on whether it can persevere in the materials businesses. The external business environment is quite challenging indeed, but this is the time for the Company to return to the basics and reassess its internal conditions. Taking a factory as an example, it is necessary to check that production lines are being operated with specified volumes, costs, quality, and delivery schedules. Also, it is important to quickly identify any divergences from the set goals by visual- izing the progress made in daily business activities. The key is ratcheting up the precision of these efforts.
The KOBELCO Group has steadily improved its corpo- rate structure while responding to the quality misconduct. Quality management and daily business management are common components in the structural foundation, so the benefits of various reforms can be shared across the entire organization. Kobe Steel has plenty of excellent compo- nents and strengths in fields other than steel. I am confident that the Company will emerge from this crisis as an even
     Takao Kitabata
Independent Director Chairman of the Board
  Hiroyuki Bamba
Independent Director
 Yumiko Ito
Independent Director
 employees and their families is the highest priority. I believe Kobe Steel’s response to this crisis has been above and beyond the base guidelines for the steelmaking industry.
It was also impressive that teleworking and video confer- encing have gone unexpectedly smoothly. Remote working conditions have not impeded the duties of the Board of Directors or daily business execution, and have positive aspects as well. Although companies had been slow to introduce work-style reforms and teleworking options, the pace of change seems to have significantly accelerated. I believe it is important to be willing to change areas that should be changed, as we look back at this experience. Ito Underlying issues tend to get exposed in a crisis situa- tion. I hope Kobe Steel takes this opportunity to advance reforms without forgetting the issues that have come to the surface. IT will be a key to facilitating improvements on many fronts, such as diversity and business efficiency. Kitabata Teleworking can help employees increase pro- ductivity and achieve a work-life balance. For example, it could be beneficial especially for employees struggling to balance work with child-rearing. Through teleworking, some employ- ees may be able to complete their tasks more efficiently by concentrating on their work, reducing the required time from eight hours at the office to five hours at home. Taking it one step further, this new normal may shed light on a variety of problems with the current functions of headquarters including the need to retain large head offices in major cities and obligate employees to commute to work at scheduled times.
stronger company.
Kitabata In my opinion, inadequate communication inside the Company was partly to blame for the quality misconduct. Major strides have been made in improving communication since then. If the sales side can communicate even better with the production side, I think it would drastically strengthen profitability, and allow Kobe Steel to leverage its strengths further, as Mr. Bamba said.
However, Japan’s steel industry is coping with extremely challenging business conditions. Since 1990, new factors have arisen, namely the steel glut in China and, more recently, the geopolitical confrontation between the U.S. and China. Given these changes in the business environment, I under- stand why Kobe Steel needed to update its Medium-Term Management Plan on a rolling basis. I believe the Company should use this opportunity to broaden the scope of its business plans, by incorporating broader perspectives such as trends in international politics and digital transformation in society.
Ito The Rolling of the Medium-Term Management Plan cen- ters on two points: (1) strengthen profitability with a focus on materials, and (2) make efficient use of management resources and strengthen the business base. Of these, strengthening the business base is connected to the prob- lem of restoring trust, and I have high praise for Kobe Steel’s series of initiatives to invite external experts as needed to join the meetings of the Quality Management Committee and the Compliance Committee, while facilitating commu- nication with the Board of Directors.
24 KOBELCO Group
Integrated Report 2020
Roundtable Talk on Corporate Governance
In an increasingly challenging business environ- ment, characterized by the COVID-19 pandemic, the KOBELCO Group is facing a pivotal moment in its history. How should we link the benefits of corporate governance reforms undertaken over the past few years with efforts to reinforce the busi- ness foundation? How should we sketch a roadmap for healthy and sustainable growth? Independent directors Mr. Takao Kitabata (Chairman of the Board and Head of the Nomination & Compensation Committee), Mr. Hiroyuki Bamba, and Ms. Yumiko Ito sat down for a candid discussion from a wide range of perspectives.
KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020 25
   
The KOBELCO Group’s Value Creation
Roundtable Talk Among Three Independent Directors
I believe the new Group Corporate Philosophy, which was formulated through a bottom-up process, will have the power to bring all employees together.
corporate philosophies are typically drawn up by the found- ers. With more than 100 years of history, the KOBELCO Group employed a bottom-up approach to create its corpo- rate philosophy, facilitating the engagement of all employees in the process. I believe the substance of the corporate philosophy has strong affinities with the concepts of the SDGs and ESG.
This philosophy is the essence of the entire Group and is its greatest common divisor. With that said, I believe this corpo- rate philosophy needs to be broken down a little bit more in order to infuse it into specific actions taken on the front lines. While steadily taking these next steps and combining approaches to business and social contributions, I believe Kobe Steel’s future as a 200-year company will take shape. Bamba I also think that it was an opportune time to craft a corporate philosophy, because companies need the grounds to rely on especially in challenging times, rather than in profitable times. Putting into words why our com- pany exists, what it aims to accomplish, and where its competitive strengths lie will be certainly a positive force for the sustained growth of the Company.
By defining the vision of a company and sharing these
In addition to business visions, medium-term plans and investment projects, we have discussed individual strate- gies such as those for weight reduction of automobiles. Through a lively exchange of opinions, it is possible to draw out perspectives that may differ from those inside the Company, and when these matters are presented to the Board of Directors, we will be prepared to give our own precise opinions on the matters being discussed. For these reasons, the Meetings of Independent Directors are intended to dispel any information gaps between insiders and outsiders, with no need to reach a consensus of opinions.
Ito As expressed in the Corporate Governance Code (Supplementary Principle 4.8.1.), I believe securing a forum for discussion among solely the independent outside direc- tors is important from the standpoint of facilitating delibera- tions at the Board of Directors meetings and making better decisions. The Board of Directors has certain restrictions in terms of time and rules for discussing and reporting mat- ters. It is my understanding that the Meetings of Independent Directors were set up as a forum for exchanging opinions without being bound by these restrictions.
Looking ahead, I would suggest exploring a greater role
     With regard to strengthening profitability, I have an impression that the Company is still at the halfway mark. Fostering common understanding to be shared within the Company is crucial in this context. In other words, numerical targets should be unified to some degree in each business. I believe our monitoring duties would also be easier if there was a shared awareness about customers, competitors, and internal conditions across the entire Group.
One more idea concerns the effective utilization of
Takao Kitabata
company aims to achieve. Medium-term plans are the vehicle for setting these goals. By reviewing how daily work is carried out and the logic that connects goals to strate- gies, the organization can steadily change. I hope we can have a deeper discussion about this for the next Medium- Term Management Plan.
Bottom-Up Approach to the Creation of the Group Corporate Philosophy
 human resources across organizational boundaries. Being engaged in various businesses, Kobe Steel is rich in human resources with diverse knowledge. I would recommend that Kobe Steel enhance the horizontal deployment of human resources, for instance, by identifying employees who have good skills to launch a new business from a project and assigning them to a promising project in a different busi- ness division. Through such initiatives, the Company could gain better leverage over the strengths of its diverse busi- ness portfolio. Some managers have actually voiced this opinion inside the Company.
In the context of digital transformation, Kobe Steel needs to update its IT infrastructure. How to move it forward is a complex issue.
Kitabata Updating IT infrastructure is rather costly, and the technology quickly becomes obsolete.
Bamba Determining how long it will take to see a return on capital investments is also a hard problem. Even though it is a problem unique to this industry, I believe it is necessary to set shorter timelines for returns on investments and increase responsiveness to changes in the business envi- ronment. I believe the KOBELCO Group can maneuver more flexibly and effectively than its competitors.
Ito In these times of rapid change, it may be necessary to move first and then change course later, without being bound by conventional practices in the industry.
Bamba Each individual strategy, such as digital transfor- mation, is a means toward the larger goal of what a
Kitabata Over the past few years, Japanese companies have introduced a variety of frameworks for corporate gover- nance. This is a welcome trend in principle, but some parts need more polishing. In the past, Japanese people came up with the saying “Japanese spirit with Western learning.” To truly improve organizations, it is essential to incorporate the soul of the organization into a framework formed of outside elements. Corporate philosophies and business creeds have nurtured this soul component of Japanese companies.
In other countries, they call it SDGs, ESG and similar concepts, but Japanese companies have implemented this concept for a long time as a natural course of business. The same concept is also found in the idea that companies exist for their employees. In ancient Japan, Omi merchants held dear a business concept called Sanpo-Yoshi (three-way fulfillment, where the seller, buyer and society at large are satisfied). This was a forerunner of the SDGs.
Kobe Steel also must have inherited this philosophy, so it is wonderful to see that the Group Corporate Philosophy was created to codify the Company’s basic principles. I believe this corporate philosophy will have the power to bring all employees together because it was formulated in a bottom-up process.
Ito Every company has a corporate philosophy in some shape or form. By putting it into words, a corporate philoso- phy becomes an effective compass for navigating a world that is going through dramatic changes. At young companies,
goals with employees, employees become more motivated and focused on their work. This is another major benefit that a corporate philosophy brings.
Meetings of Independent Directors and Their Missions
Kitabata Meetings of Independent Directors assume a variety of functions, but they basically exist to augment the functions of the Board of Directors. Since deliberations by the Board of Directors are limited by time, it is difficult for independent Board members to reach decisions on the spot on matters like large-scale investment projects. Therefore, it is useful to have preliminary meetings and receive detailed explanations on these matters from management.
for the Meetings of Independent Directors, beyond that of a channel for inputting information. For example, I would like to have meetings to exchange ideas on matters related to rebuilding the business portfolio and approaching sustain- ability management.
Toward Healthy and Sustained Growth
Bamba In the next Medium-Term Management Plan, it will be important to horizontally introduce across business divi- sions the practice of doing ordinary tasks thoroughly, which demonstrated positive results in the recovery from the qual- ity misconduct. While paying attention to the details, I believe it is necessary to further advance the strategic management of the business portfolio. Kobe Steel began using return on invested capital (ROIC) as a business
 Every company has a corporate philosophy in some shape or form. By putting it into words, a corporate philosophy becomes an effective compass for navigating a world that is going through dramatic changes.
Yumiko Ito
 26 KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020 KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020 27
   
The KOBELCO Group’s Value Creation
Roundtable Talk Among Three Independent Directors
I see considerable potential in Kobe Steel, with its very advanced level in each and every resource, especially its
    technologies and human resources.
Hiroyuki Bamba
   Message from the Newly Appointed Independent Director
  Masaaki Kono
Independent Director Chairman of Audit & Supervisory Committee
Actions for Change Opens a New Page
in the History of Kobe Steel
In its history of over 110 years, the KOBELCO Group has contributed to the development of Japan by fulfilling the expectations of its customers and society in a broad range of business fields. Today, however, the Group is facing unprecedented chal- lenges in the business environment, including weak- ening demand and declining steel prices due to trade friction between the U.S. and China, persis- tently high prices for raw materials, and the COVID- 19 pandemic. Now is a pivotal moment for Kobe Steel, as it must surmount these tough conditions and create a new history while plotting a course toward the next stage of growth.
The KOBELCO Group’s history and traditions are our pride and we should continue to value them as an integral part of our organization. On the other hand, amid rapid and sudden changes in the busi- ness environment, the Company must be willing to reform itself in order to adapt to changes around the world. While honoring its history and traditions, the KOBELCO Group needs to begin a new chapter in its history by boldly taking actions for change.
Sustained Growth Hinges on a Universal Corporate Philosophy Shared Across Group Companies
The KOBELCO Group formulated a new Group Corporate Philosophy in May 2020 based on the les- sons learned from its quality misconduct in October 2017. This new philosophy aims to heighten aware- ness of how we are connected to society and
stakeholders and promote a deeper understanding and sharing of KOBELCO’s View of the Future and KOBELCO’s Mission among all employees. Starting with this universal corporate philosophy commonly shared across Group companies, the KOBELCO Group aims for sustained growth along with society by providing solutions for social issues while rapidly adapting to changes around the world.
In my career at banks and consumer finance companies, I have had the opportunity to come into contact with a large number of customers. By being involved in the management of these financial insti- tutions, I have dealt with the daily struggles in cor- porate governance and strategies to sustain growth. Although the industries are different, there is a com- mon thread in their corporate missions to serve society and stakeholders.
Making Improvements in Corporate Value from the Viewpoint of Society
and Stakeholders
At the KOBELCO Group, strengthening corporate governance is an ongoing management priority. From the perspective of society and stakeholders, corporate governance is a necessary stepping-stone for the next stage of growth.
As an independent director and an Audit & Supervisory Committee member, I intend to frankly voice my opinions from an independent perspective and help the KOBELCO Group improve its corporate value over the medium to long term by not only auditing, but also evaluating and monitoring the fair- ness of business plans and management strategies.
management indicator in fiscal 2020. When using this indi- cator, however, the Company will have to carefully monitor whether the current state of a business unit expresses future potential or whether it is attributable to problems in business management.
Regarding the Group’s current organization, I expect the variety of reforms already implemented to lead to the move- ment of employees within the Group and more interaction among employees. I think the greater rotation of employees among business units, head offices, and subsidiaries would allow employees to gain more experience and come up with ideas for specific reforms. By implementing such poli- cies for human resources on all fronts, the strengths of the KOBELCO Group’s business portfolio will be demonstrated, in my opinion.
Ito The profitability of business units is predicated on elimi- nating losses in every area. Along with this, in implementing management focused on capital cost, ROIC-based man- agement is essential.
Some aspects of earnings can be controlled, while other aspects cannot. The controllable aspects, as Mr. Bamba said so well, hinge on a thorough analysis of how much improvement can be made. Depending on the situation, changes to the business portfolio may have to be consid- ered. For the uncontrollable aspects of earnings, it is impor- tant to monitor the impact from changes in the business environment and other factors while using sensitivity analy- sis and other methodologies to assess the situation.
Such response to change is intertwined with overall management plans. Instead of sticking with a plan once it is made, if the underlying assumptions change, it is necessary to flexibly respond with updates to plans.
Kitabata Unified indicators are essential for monitoring business execution, and for the head office to steer and advance overall management. ROIC is an important bench- mark for evaluating capital efficiency as well. While keeping pace in these times of rapid change, it is necessary to form a consensus inside the Company in order to make nimble management decisions in response to prevailing conditions. Bamba I see considerable potential in Kobe Steel, with its very advanced level in each and every resource, especially its technologies and human resources. With some creative thinking on business management, the Company will cer- tainly have any number of opportunities. I hope the next medium-term plan will go one step closer to the Company realizing its full potential.
Kitabata In Japan, there are around 46,000 companies that were founded more than 100 years ago, including Kobe Steel, representing about 50% of the world total. One reason why there are so many in Japan is because Japanese firms have prioritized their continued existence. With this priority in mind, Japanese companies take care of the employees they hire and fulfill their obligations to finan- cial institutions and investors.
This directly relates to the concept of sustainability man- agement. In order to contribute to the sustainability of soci- ety and the global environment, Kobe Steel must remain sustainable as a corporation. What should a company do to realize healthy and sustainable growth? While being mindful of the major trends today, I hope to focus on this issue and promote further discussions with everyone.
  28 KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020 KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020 29
 
The KOBELCO Group’s Value Creation
Message from the CFO
Our first and foremost priority is to shore up our financial health by rapidly and steadily executing measures to increase capital and asset efficiency and cash flow.
Taking a medium- and long-term perspective, we are rebuilding our business portfolio with a strong commitment to change.
Yoshihiko Katsukawa
Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer
Summary of Accomplishments in the Rolling of the Medium-Term Management Plan
Steady Execution of Emergency Measures to Increase Earnings and Cash Flow
The KOBELCO Group will continue to take emergency measures until an end to the COVID-19 pandemic comes into sight, by curtailing expenditures as much as possible while matching production to demand, and temporarily freezing capital investments and other investments and loans, except for those essential for business operations. The Special Committee for Emergency Profit Improvement continues to examine and execute all possible measures
Free Cash Flow
for reducing costs further and creating additional cash flow, such as continuing the temporary leave program that began in May 2020. As of March 31, 2020, Kobe Steel had ¥146 billion in cash and cash equivalents and ¥150 billion in commitment lines. Management is sparing no effort to improve the monitoring of cash flow while utilizing emer- gency financial support systems that banks have set up in response to COVID-19.
Outside Debt & D/E Ratio
    When the Rolling of the Medium-Term Management Plan was originally created, Kobe Steel targeted savings of ¥50 billion from greater capital and asset efficiency over two years, fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2020. During fiscal 2019, the Company was unwinding cross-shareholdings and reorga- nizing Group companies at a pace that surpasses this tar- get. At the end of fiscal 2019, however, the D/E ratio worsened to 1.19x, despite our intent to keep it below 1x, owing to a decline in cash flow (especially operating cash flow) caused by deteriorating earnings and working capital, as well as the booking of impairment losses on fixed assets.
In fiscal 2019, when it eventually became apparent that the Company would incur heavy losses in mainly the steel, aluminum and copper businesses, we established the Special Committee for Emergency Profit Improvement in February 2020 as an entity to study emergency measures and monitor their execution. The committee formulated emergency measures to improve profits by ¥27 billion through cuts in directors’ remuneration and fixed costs, in addition to measures to increase cash flow by ¥130 billion, by reducing inventories and selling assets. These emer- gency measures are being steadily implemented in fiscal 2020. Approximately ¥23 billion in cost reductions, cen- tered on variable costs, are being planned and executed for
steel, aluminum, and raw materials. We are considering additional cost cuts due to the impact from COVID-19. In the materials field, automakers slashed their production plans by roughly 40% in the April–June quarter. Looking at individual products, Kobe Steel supplies some steel prod- ucts directly to automakers, as well as to secondary pro- cessing manufacturers. We see the possibility of a time lag occurring for steel products to these secondary processors and the risk of a further impact on our business.
Ordinary Income (Loss)
At an investor briefing in May 2020, management showed a matrix of the KOBELCO Group’s business portfolio in fis- cal 2019, with “target market share” on the horizontal axis and “profitability” on the vertical axis. The Group has a mix of businesses, with some businesses very profitable but hav- ing low market shares, and other businesses having high market shares but weak profitability. Although the Company has invested management resources in growth fields with
the intention of expanding market share, its initial assump- tion for production costs has tended to be overly optimistic. Even though we had some influence over prices thanks to high market shares, we accepted orders at low prices in pursuit of greater volume. Taking seriously the impairment losses on fixed assets, we believe we can overcome these challenges by improving and strengthening the manage- ment of our businesses in the future.
(5.2)
(131.9) 2016
(160.7)
(10.9)
2018
Cash flows from operating activities
Free cash flow (Excludes project financing)
2017
72.3
61.4 31.1
95.0 21.4
0
(112.0) (95.0) (133.4)
2019 2020 (FY) (Forecast)
(As of August 6, 2020)
Cash flows from investing activities
Outside debt
Project financing
D/E ratio (Excludes project financing)
Objectives and Framework of the Next Medium-Term Management Plan
Rebuilding the Business Portfolio to Transform the KOBELCO Group
FY2019 Business Portfolio
Profitability
20%
Industrial machinery
Welding
Copper rolled products
Titanium
(Billions of yen)
1,500 1,200 900 600 300
D/E ratio excluding advance borrowing of 117.6 billion yen 1.00 times
1.17 7.2
789.6
D/E ratio excluding advance borrowing of 92.1 billion yen 0.85 times
0.98 36.1
724.2
D/E ratio (Times) excluding advance 2.0
borrowing of 62.1 billion yen
1.10 times 1.6 Around
1.20 1.2
0.8 7,00.0 0.4
0.98 12.9
726.0
1.19 122.1
784.4
00 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 (FY)
(Forecast)
(As of August 6, 2020)
  • The size of each unit is based on the amount of invested capital • Definition of ROIC
  (Billions of yen)
80 60 40 20
0 (60)
71.1
 30 KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020
KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020 31
(19.1)
(8.0) (60.0)
2016 2017
2018 2019 2020 (FY) (Forecast)
34.6
(As of August 6, 2020)
(Billions of yen)
240 160 80 0 (80) (160)
191.8 126.7
ROIC =
(A)+(B)+(C) Invested capital
(A): Operating income (adjusted by its tax rate) (B): Equity in income/Loss of equity method
companies
(C): Dividend income
  Engineering
 Construction machinery
Compressors
 Aluminum rolled products
 General steel products
Steel castings & forgings
Aluminum suspensions
ROIC 5%
Target market share
 Aluminum castings & forgings

The KOBELCO Group’s Value Creation
Message from the CFO
Kobe Steel is clarifying the current position of each busi- ness unit in terms of the cost of capital by introducing ROIC-based management at the business-unit level. At the same time, the Company is reassessing its future direction from a business and financial perspective while taking into account growth potential and global goals, such as the SDGs, which are commonly shared by the international community. While responding to the severe impact on its operations from COVID-19, in the next medium-term man- agement plan, Kobe Steel will chart its future direction at an early stage with the objective of creating an optimal busi- ness portfolio from a Companywide perspective down to
the individual business unit level. In the past, our analysis was not sufficiently detailed in terms of the growth potential of individual business units, but we will pursue a different approach from now on. With an eye on the future, Kobe Steel will increase scrutiny of the allocation of management resources, abandon unprofitable businesses and refocus resources in businesses with growth potential that are truly able to generate profits. In this regard, we believe the KOBELCO Group must enter new business domains. Rebuilding the business portfolio will be a key theme in the next medium-term management plan.
Medium- and Long-Term Financial Strategy
Shoring Up Our Financial Health Is Our Foremost Priority
   Cash in: (1) Operating cash flow + (2) Greater capital and asset efficiency Cash out: (3) Growth investments and spending on maintenance and upgrades
+ (4) Shareholder returns
 Monitoring of Non-Financial Indicators as KPIs
In fiscal 2020, Kobe Steel plans to return (1) operating cash flow to normal levels through the aforementioned emer- gency measures to improve profits and measures to increase earnings in mainly the materials businesses. In addition, the Company aims to thoroughly increase “cash in” by advancing measures to improve cash flow through (2) greater capital and asset efficiency, such as by reducing inventory and selling assets. By being more selective in (3) growth investments and spending on maintenance and
To Our Stakeholders
upgrades, the Company will curtail expenditures on invest- ments. Our first and foremost priority is to improve our financial health.
Taking our financial condition, earnings trends, and future capital needs into comprehensive consideration, management aims to restore dividend payments as early as possible, targeting fiscal 2023, the year when all new proj- ects in the electric power business should be operating.
Kobe Steel has reconfigured its business management indi- cators to align with the objective of achieving sustainable improvement in corporate value, and to remedy manage- ment approaches that overemphasize profitability, a prob- lem that was highlighted in the Report on Misconduct in Kobe Steel Group, issued on March 6, 2018. We began to use these seven new indicators in April 2019: (1) safety, (2) quality stability, (3) environmental management, (4) legal & contractual compliance, (5) employee awareness, (6) customer
satisfaction, and (7) economics. Six of these seven indicators are non-financial indicators, and all of them are essential requirements for a company to survive.
While monitoring non-financial indicators in addition to financial indicators, the Company will establish a structure that enables the early identification of risk and an appropri- ate response, with sound internal controls functioning throughout the organization.
Building a Healthy Financial Foundation and Fulfilling Expectations for the KOBELCO Group’s Future
(1)
 Safety
 (2)
Quality stability
 (3)
Environmental management
(4)
 Legal & contractual compliance
 (5)
Employee awareness
(6)
 Customer satisfaction
 (7)
Economics
   Key objectives: Zero accidents leading to death or serious injury, and lost time injury frequency rate (LTIFR) of 0.10 or less
Management indicator: Cost of quality failures. The Quality Management Committee was created in April 2019, with external experts forming a majority of members, to monitor activities to improve quality manage- ment throughout the Group.
KOBELCO Group’s FY2030 Objectives (see pages 18, 19, 62, and 63 for information on targets)
1. Reduction of CO2 emissions in production processes Reduction target: 1.1 million tons (vs. BAU in FY2013)
2. Contribution to reduction of CO2 emissions through our technologies, products, and services Contribution target: 49 million tons
Management indicator: Employee compliance awareness survey
Management indicator: Employee awareness survey
Management indicator: Customer satisfaction survey filled out by customers. Survey results are shared with business division and efforts are made to improve customer satisfaction.
Management indicator: ROIC (return on invested capital)
Kobe Steel has been receiving harsh evaluations from investors, and we believe this is for two main reasons. The first reason is our inability to secure adequate earnings. The other reason is a lack of confidence in our ability to create new value in the future. We believe fixing these two prob- lems is a key priority for management.
We are well aware of the vulnerabilities in the financial foundation of the KOBELCO Group. As the director in charge of financial affairs, my primary responsibility is to build a healthier financial foundation by (1) increasing capital and asset efficiency, and (2) carefully selecting capital investments.
While screening investment projects, we will continue to plant the seeds for future growth. Amid changes in the demand structure and market scale, it will also be important to leverage the collective strengths of the KOBELCO Group and take on new business opportunities.
The materials businesses are process industries that require medium- and long-term investment plans. In con- trast, the machinery businesses are knowledge-intensive
industries that require less capital investment but more human resources and technological capabilities. Kobe Steel is also engaged in the electric power business, utilizing the operational know-how it has accumulated in process indus- tries. Looking to the future through the lens of ROIC, for example, machinery businesses seem to have an advantage over the process industries. However, new value can still be created even when ROIC is low. We must reallocate our resources considering the characteristics of each business.
The KOBELCO Group will marshal its collective strengths and strive to create new value while flexibly adapting to the changing times from a medium- and long-term perspective. In this way, I am confident our Group will remain indispens- able to society.
We value the opportunities to engage in dialogue with all of our stakeholders, including shareholders and investors, and reflect these external viewpoints in management. Once again, we ask for your candid opinions and ongoing support.
       32 KOBELCO Group
Integrated Report 2020
KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020 33

The KOBELCO Group’s Value Creation
Outline of the Fiscal 2016–Fiscal 2020 Group Medium-Term Management Plan
KOBELCO Group’s Medium- to Long-Term Business Vision KOBELCO VISION “G+”
The KOBELCO Group formulated the Fiscal 2016–Fiscal 2020 Group Medium-Term Management Plan to realize the KOBELCO VISION “G+” business vision for establishing a solid business enterprise and furthering growth strategies centered on the three core business areas of materials, machinery, and electric power. The Group aims to contribute to society while expanding and advancing its businesses by concentrating management resources on growth fields likely to expand over the medium to long term, such as energy and infrastructure, as well as strategies to reduce the weight of vehicles.
The Rolling of the Medium-Term Management Plan (announced in May 2019)
Rolling update to the current Medium-Term Management Plan to reflect changes in demand and other conditions since the plan’s inception
  Next Plan (from FY2021)
Establish a business enterprise in three core business areas
Solid business foundation
 Current Medium-Term Management Plan (FY2016–FY2020)
     Business expansion in growth areas
Materials
Steel: Consolidated upstream operations and increased profits
Steel & aluminum: Implemented investment strategy decisions on automotive weight
reduction, etc.
Key Themes of the Rolling of the Medium-Term Management Plan
1. Strengthen profitability with a focus on materials
2. Make efficient use of management resources and strengthen the management foundation
   Machinery
Construction machinery: Finished restructuring excavator business in
China
Compressors: Entered market for large-capacity
centrifugal compressors
   Electric Power
Promoted new power generation projects in Moka and Kobe
     Electric Power
Sustainable growth
Stable profitability
Materials Machinery
       Strengthening the business foundation
   • Reinforced corporate governance (reviewed composition of directors, etc.)
• Undertook Next 100 Project (activities to instill our corporate philosophy)
• Generated about ¥110 billion in cash
        Business expansion in growth areas
KOBELCO VISION “G+”
Establish a business enterprise in three core business areas
  KOBELCO VISION “G”
Electric Power
Sustainable growth
Materials Machinery
 Materials Machinery Electric Power
Stable
      FY2016 Discovery of the FY2018 Decline of profitability in FY2020 quality misconduct materials businesses
U.S.–China trade friction and other factors
Impact of the novel coronavirus
   Ordinary Income (Loss) by Segment and
Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Owners of the Parent (FY)
 (Billions of yen)
2016 2017
(29.5) 17.3 6.8 4.9
12.0 11.8
2018 2019
4.7 (21.3) 3.6 2.9
(1.5) (20.4)
  Iron & Steel
 Welding
 Aluminum & Copper
 Subtotal
(10.7)
34.0
5.8 2.3 1.2 9.6 2.8 6.9 6.5 5.7
(31.3) 21.9 25.5 7.5
7.6 5.4 2.3 3.3
 Engineering
 Construction Machinery
 Subtotal
Electric Power
(22.7)
31.1
(6.4) (7.5) (7.5)
(19.1) 71.1 34.6 (8.0)
(4.4) (23.0) 63.1 35.9 (68.0)
6.8
33.2
(38.8)
 Machinery
22.8
 Other Businesses
13.0
7.9
(0.3)
8.9
  Adjustment
 Total
  Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Owners of the Parent
 Strengthening
the business foundation
FY2016 FY2020
profitability
Solid business foundation
Ordinary Income (Loss) in Fiscal 2016–Fiscal 2019
(Billions of yen)
80 71.1
40 34.6
0
(40)
   Growth Strategies for the Three Core Business Areas
Strengthening the Business Foundation
1 Strengthening corporate governance 2 Securing and developing human resources 3 Strengthening technical development and monozukuri (manufacturing) capabilities
(8.0)
   Materials
 1 Initiatives for weight reduction of vehicles
2 Strengthening profitability in the steel business
 Machinery
 1 Initiatives in the fields of energy and infrastructure
2 Strengthening profitability in the construction machinery business
 Electric Power
 Initiatives to stabilize profitability in the electric power business
 (19.1)
 2018 2019 (FY) Cash Flows and D/E Ratio in Fiscal 2016–Fiscal 2019 (FY)
2016 2017
    Operating cash flow
 Investing cash flow
 Free cash flow*
      Earnings Forecast
(Billions of yen)
* Excludes project financing
2016 2017 2018 2019
126.7 191.8 72.3 21.4
(131.9) (160.7) (10.9) (133.4)
(5.2) 31.1 61.4 (112.0)
1.17 0.98 0.98 1.19
1.00 — 0.85 1.10
 D/E ratio (Times)
 (Excludes advance procurement of borrowings) (Times)
    Ordinary income (loss) (Billions of yen)
Materials Machinery Electric power Other
Target business portfolio
(Profit distribution by business)
* Actual ordinary income (loss) of Steel & Aluminum flat-rolled products (excluding inventory valuation & special factors):
Of the (21.3) in Iron & Steel, about (9.5) for steel products and about (9.0) for advanced materials
Of the (20.4) in Aluminum & Copper, about (3.0) for aluminum flat- rolled products and about (5.0) for advanced materials
 71.1
2017 2018
Electric power 20%–30%
Machinery 30%–40%
Materials 40%–50%
Measures to Improve Earnings and Cash Flow in Fiscal 2020 (as of August 6, 2020)
  (19.1)
2016
34.6
(8.0) (60.0)
2019 2020 (FY) (Forecast)
ROA 5% or more
Stable profits in electric power, growth in materials and machinery
 Kobe Steel will implement the following measures in response to the economic slowdown caused by the COVID-19 pandemic and deceleration in the world economy due to trade friction between China and the United States.
Measures to Improve Earnings
1. Emergency measures to improve earnings centered on reductions in fixed assets (i.e., reducing labor costs, regulation costs, R&D spending, and maintenance costs)
2. Measures to improve earnings centered on materials (improving base costs, expanding sales, etc.)
In total for 1. and 2., improve earnings by about ¥50 billion
Measures to Improve Cash Flow
The Company will take measures to improve cash flow by about ¥130 billion, by improving working capital through inventory reductions, etc., selling assets, and postponing capital investments.
To further reduce fixed costs and improve cash flow, the Company will examine and implement measures without excluding any specific businesses, and prioritize efforts to enhance financial soundness.
  34 KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020
KOBELCO Group
Integrated Report 2020 35
(As of August 6, 2020)
currently in progress)
Overview of business enterprise based on three core business areas (After start-up of new electric power projects
Materials Machinery
Ordinary Loss

The KOBELCO Group’s Value Creation
Mission Story
KOBELCO’s Mission Story
The KOBELCO Group’s business operations are centered on three core business areas comprising materials businesses, which include steel & aluminum, advanced materials and welding; machinery businesses, which encompass machinery, engineering and construction machinery; and the electric power business, an outgrowth from its own in-house power generation facilities at steelworks.
     36 KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020
 Materials Businesses
 Steel & Aluminum
 Advanced Materials
 Welding
         Koichiro Shibata
Executive Vice President and Representative Director
My Third Year as Director in Charge of Materials Businesses
Three years have passed since I was appointed as the director in charge of the materials businesses. After reaching this position of responsibility, I have prioritized the restoring of trust, which was undermined by the quality misconduct, with determination to return Kobe Steel to the basics of manu- facturing and bring employees together to overcome hardships. My resolve has not changed even now. Our initiatives to restore the trust of our cus- tomers, suppliers, and other stakeholders are never-ending endeavors that we will single-mindedly pursue while sparing no effort.
The Rolling of the Medium-Term Management Plan we announced in May 2018 identified “strengthen profitability with a focus on materials” as a key theme for the two years spanning fiscal 2019–fiscal 2020. In fiscal 2019, however, as it has been reported already, the Iron & Steel and Aluminum & Copper segments each posted ordinary losses in excess of ¥20 billion, while ¥50 billion in impairment losses on fixed assets was recorded, centered on the materials businesses. Although the external environment changed, our initiatives to improve monozukuri* capabilities and sales prices remain insufficient, and strategic investment projects were slow to turn a profit. All of these factors resulted in little improvement in profitability. As the director in charge of the materials businesses, I rec- ognize that strengthening profitability is the foremost issue that we must urgently address as a company.
The factors behind the impairment losses booked in fiscal 2019 that worsened earnings in the materials businesses can be broadly put into four categories (see p. 38): changes in the industrial structure, delayed growth in demand, issues with monozukuri capabilities, and insufficient increases in sales prices.
In the steel business, Kobe Steel made progress on the consolidation of upstream operations at Kakogawa Works ahead of other companies, securing downside elasticity during times of deterioration in business con- ditions, but the Company was unable to reduce fixed costs as planned. If fixed costs had been cut as initially planned, we would have been at a profitable level in fiscal 2019. I believe one of our most urgent issues now is to reduce fixed costs in the current structure (actual losses in fiscal 2019 were about ¥9.5 billion in steel products and ¥9.0 billion in advanced materials). Another issue to address is an ongoing increase in long-term contract prices, especially in the automotive industry. From a medium- to long-term perspective, I believe Kobe Steel must reexamine its production structure to align with the contraction in crude steel output in Japan, and we will look for the best solution to this issue.
In addition, demand was adversely affected by the COVID-19 pan- demic, resulting in weak production volumes and performance in the materials businesses in the first quarter of fiscal 2020. Management is keenly implementing emergency measures to improve earnings while keeping an eye on trends. * Craftsmanship in manufacturing
Advancing Sustainability Management Based on the Group Corporate Philosophy
Strengthening profitability in the materials businesses is an urgent issue in the short term. At the same time, it is also important for the KOBELCO Group to engage in sustainability management. To this end, we must
    KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020 37

The KOBELCO Group’s Value Creation
Mission Story
continue to ask ourselves how we can create new value and contribute to solutions for social issues through the products and services of the materials businesses.
The materials businesses have customers in a broad range of major industries, such as automobiles, aircraft, shipbuilding, railways, food containers, electronics, con- struction and civil engineering. I believe the technologies, products, and services in the materials businesses can help fix social issues in our customers’ sectors as well. (For details about our initiatives by customer sector, see the special feature on p. 20 and table on p. 39.)
In May 2020, the KOBELCO Group formulated a new Group Corporate Philosophy, with the new additions
of KOBELCO’s View of the Future and KOBELCO’s Mission, which states “Our mission is to provide solutions to the needs of society, by making the best use of the talents of our employees and our technologies.” KOBELCO’s Mission tells us the importance of creating synergies beyond the boundaries of the materials businesses, not limited to syn- ergies generated by the reorganization of the materials businesses. It will lead us to solving even more complex problems providing support for the foundations of society. We will harness the collective strengths of the KOBELCO Group to advance sustainability management based on the Group Corporate Philosophy to put us back on a growth trajectory again.Materials Businesses: Cause of Earnings Deterioration and Future Measures
Steel & Aluminum
In steel products, Kobe Steel has sharpened its cost com- petitiveness by consolidating upstream operations at Kakogawa Works, but earnings deteriorated because fixed costs have remained stubbornly high amid weakening demand, while raw material prices have risen and product prices have declined faster than anticipated. In aluminum flat-rolled products, earnings worsened as a result of returns on investments taking far longer to materialize than initially anticipated, and we had to downgrade our demand fore- casts in light of the slowdown in automobile sales in China and delays in the adoption of aluminum products versus our estimates when we decided to invest in automotive materi- als. However, Kobe Steel has competitive offerings in special steel wire rod and ultra-high-strength steel, as well as an edge in aluminum sheet and plate stemming from its market dominance and technological advantages. With this situation in mind, we are implementing the following initiatives.
Advanced Materials
After booking impairment losses in fiscal 2019, Kobe Steel was keen to win orders with the aim of expanding business and securing market share in titanium, aluminum suspen- sions, and aluminum castings and forgings, in which the Company has high market dominance and sees strong market growth potential. However, earnings deteriorated owing to major problems with its monozukuri capabilities, including productivity and costs. One reason for this, I believe, was delays in bringing management up to speed on foreign markets and business customs when we tried to expand the parts businesses of the relatively large-scale materials businesses, represented by the former Iron & Steel and Aluminum & Copper segments. In castings and forgings, earnings worsened on account of changes in the industry structure, namely a prolonged slump in shipbuild- ing demand. In light of this situation, we are moving forward with the following initiatives.IssuesInitiativesSteel
Respond to changes in industry structure
• High fixed costs
• Rising raw material prices,
declining product prices • Weaker demand• Increase reproducible prices with an eye on profitability and volume
• Cut fixed costs
• Consider reviewing production
structure in response to decreasing crude steel output in JapanAluminum flat-rolled productsRespond to major delays in arrival of demand growth phase (aluminum sheets for automotive body panels)• Established Application Technology Center to enhance solutions for customers
• Expand sales in all fields, with a focus on beverage can stock
• Cut fixed costsIssuesInitiativesTitanium
Aluminum suspensions
Aluminum castings and forgings
Rebuild and strengthen monozu- kuri capabilities (reinforce busi- ness management)• Reorganize to reinforce monozukuri collaboration and planning and administration functions*
• Improve monozukuri capabili- ties and advance strategies for each demand field based on product lines
• Enhance planning and admin- istration functions, including monitoring of order-taking decisions
• Business management with emphasis on profitability (including streamlining product lines)Castings and forgingsRespond to changes in industrial structure
(Respond to prolonged slump in demand)• Cut fixed costs to match demand
• Undertake improvements to make prices sustainable38 KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020
* On April 1, 2020, the Iron & Steel Business and the Aluminum & Copper Business were reorganized into the Steel & Aluminum Business and the Advanced Materials Business to handle materials and parts, respectively.Customer sectorMarket environment (including risks), growth opportunitiesMain productsInitiatives to address issues, growth strategiesVision, solutions for social issuesMobilityAutomobiles
Market environment
• Weak demand around the world. Recovery will
take time.
Opportunities
• Ongoing trend to reduce weight of automobiles
• Progress on development of self-driving tech-
nologies, electrification of automobiles gaining momentum• Wire rods for automotive engine valve springs
• High-strength steel sheets
• Aluminum sheets for automo-
tive body panels
• Steel powder
• Aluminum suspensions
• Aluminum extrusions
• Copper alloys for automotive
terminals and connectors
• Welding materials
• Welding processes• Contribution to CO2 reductions in automotive field
( p. 20)
• Initiatives to address issues in steel & aluminum plates ( p. 38)
FACT 1
• Establishment of
Application Tech- nology Center as well as Materials Processing Tech- nology Center
( p. 49)Aim for a global environ- ment where everyone can lead safe, secure and prosperous lifestyles by helping to reduce CO2 emissions and improve fuel economy in transportation fieldAircraftMarket environment
• Demand is anticipated to increase over the
medium to long term, but COVID-19 pandemic has restricted travel, dampening expectations for new demand for a while.
Opportunities
• Progress on technological development to reduce the weight of aircraft to improve fuel economy• Titanium for aircraft engine components
• Aircraft gearboxes• Initiatives to address issues in materials busi- nesses ( p. 38)ShipbuildingMarket environment
• Large volume of new ships were ordered during
demand boom, and recently handed over with capacity exceeding marine cargo volume.
It will take some more time for supply-demand balance to improve.
Opportunities
• Demand is likely to shift to high-value-added
ships that are less likely to succumb to price competition, and development of energy- saving ships.• Structural steel for ship hulls
• Crankshafts
• Flux-cored wires
• Robotic welding systems for
assembling large blocks in shipbuildingLifeFood containersMarket environment
• Robust demand is likely to remain.
Opportunities
• Plastic waste problems are renewing interest in
metal containers.• Aluminum cans and bottle can stockFACT 2Aim to protect marine environments by real- izing a recycling societyIT& semiconduc- torsMarket environment
• Despite cyclical changes in demand, this field
is anticipated to grow over the medium to long term.
Opportunities
• Digital shift is likely to accelerate with advances in IT, teleworking, and cashless payments.• Aluminum disks
• Aluminum alloy plates for
precision processing
• Materials for semiconductor
lead framesFACT 3
Aim to support acceler- ating shift to a digital society through techno- logical innovation in IT and semiconductor fieldsEnergy & InfrastructureConstruction & civil engineeringMarket environment
• Construction projects will be delayed by
COVID-19 pandemic; demand is anticipated to remain weak for a while.
Opportunities
• Advances in technological development related to corrosion performance, higher strength, and labor savings• Eco-View steel plates for longer-lasting paint on bridges
• KOBEMAG® steel sheets with excellent corrosion resistance
• REGARCTM-equipped struc- tural steel welding systemsFACT 4Aim to create communi- ties where everyone can live safe, secure and prosperous lifestyles through provision of advanced materials and innovations in labor- saving robot technologiesKOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020 39

Amid the growing importance of protecting the global environment, automakers have taken various steps to reduce CO2 emissions. Of these, electric vehicles have caught on in various countries around the world, and automakers have been developing a variety of technologies to bring to market even better-performing electric vehicles.
The KOBELCO Group contributes to the reduction of CO2 emis- sions by supplying special steel wire rods, steel powder and copper alloys with unique characteristics that support the proliferation of better- performing electric vehicles.

A key social issue today is the realization of a recycling-oriented society (a society where the burden on the environment is reduced as much as possible by restricting the consumption of natural resources), which was codified into law in Japan in 2000.
The KOBELCO Group aims to help preserve marine environments by slowing the increase in plastic waste, especially plastic bottles, which has become a big concern of late, through the production of highly recyclable* aluminum can stock.

Digital technology has rapidly caught on in society today. In a majority of countries, initiatives are underway to spur innovation based on national strategies looking at the future transformation of society and industry driven by digital technologies. Changes are moving at a faster pace in society, including changes in our work styles and lifestyles, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic.
The KOBELCO Group supports technological innovation on the various fronts of digital society by supplying excellent aluminum and copper materials.

Industrial robots for welding have the potential to change the way we work by reducing the workload amid labor shortages at worksites, while also ensuring the health and safety of workers.
The KOBELCO Group supplies REGARCTM-equipped structural steel welding systems, mainly in Japan, in the face of falling birthrates and an aging population. In the future, we aim to solve issues affecting global society by tapping into potential demand for welding robots overseas.

Appointment as Director in Charge of Machinery Businesses
Since joining the Company, I have belonged to the Engineering Business and have been involved in a variety of projects as a project manager and other positions, mainly in the energy and chemical fields, both inside and outside Japan. One of my most memorable moments was working on a fertilizer plant construction project in Malaysia, my first experience of being engaged in a project at Kobe Steel. When I saw the pure white fertilizer produced by the plant for the first time, after surmounting many hardships with my coworkers from different countries, I was emotionally overjoyed and celebrated the successful completion with my coworkers. This pre- cious experience became a cornerstone for me and has lasted to this day. While leveraging my experiences like this one, as the new director in charge of machinery businesses, I place the highest priority on solving issues for our customers and society by gathering the knowledge and technologies of the KOBELCO Group from various fields and multiplying our strengths and capabilities. The Group possesses knowledge and technologies in various fields. However, to ensure that our technologies and products better satisfy customer needs, we must search globally for technologies and services we do not possess and work to integrate them into our operations.
In fiscal 2019, all machinery, engineering and construction machinery segments of the machinery businesses remained profitable. In fiscal 2020, we must be wary of the impact from the COVID-19 pandemic on business activities and earnings in the machinery businesses.
Advancing Sustainability Management Based on the Group Corporate Philosophy
Behind every crisis, there are always hints about trends in the future. During these challenging times, the KOBELCO Group’s comprehensive strengths will truly be tested.
Our machinery businesses operate globally for customers in a diverse range of fields, including automobiles, aircraft, shipbuilding, construction and engineering, social and industrial infrastructure, and environment and energy. Furthermore, our machinery businesses cover a broad range of technologies, products, and services that help reduce CO2 emissions and ease the burden on the environment. On a worldwide basis, I believe these businesses have the potential to contribute to the environment and society by solving the social issues faced by our customers. (See p. 42 for details about our initiatives by sector.)
In May 2020, the KOBELCO Group formulated the new Group Corporate Philosophy. KOBELCO’s Mission states: “Our mission is to provide solu- tions to the needs of society, by making the best use of the talents of our employees and our technologies.” This mission aims to attain KOBELCO’s View of the Future, which states: “We envision a world in which people, now and in the future, can fulfill their hopes and dreams while enjoying safe, secure, and prosperous lives.” These words express my most cher- ished belief as the director in charge of machinery businesses, which I mentioned earlier. And, these statements also tell us we must take on new challenges without being bound to organizational boundaries and conven- tional thinking, in order to solve increasingly complex problems while sup- porting the foundations of society.
Amid growing respect for value systems commonly shared internationally, such as the SDGs, I firmly believe that the driver for medium- to long-term growth of the machinery businesses will be sustainability management based on the Group Corporate Philosophy, which will be realized by the creation and deepening of our global development of technologies, products, and ser- vices in the machinery businesses through multiplying our diverse strengths.
     KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020 41

Tighter environmental regulations have led to major changes around the world for large ships that are the backbone of marine transporta- tion. Needs are increasing for better fuel economy and energy conser- vation in the operation of large ships.
Demand is growing for LNG-fueled ships, which have a smaller environmental footprint than traditional ships in response to tightening environmental regulations for SOx and NOx emissions. Kobe Steel has supplied a large number of compressors used in LNG-fueled ships and holds a large share of the market for these compressors. Through pro- viding these products, we will continue to contribute to solutions for global issues.

In the construction industry, Kobe Steel has played a vital role in upgrad- ing and maintaining regional infrastructure, responding to emergencies during natural disasters, and creating local employment, while dealing with the major issue of labor shortages caused by the declining popula- tion and aging workforce in Japan.
Kobelco Construction Machinery Co., Ltd. has been advancing R&D for its K-DIVE CONCEPT under the slogan of realizing a teleworking system centered on people who work at construction sites. If success- ful, this system will enable on-site work without being restricted to spe- cific people, location or time, helping to eliminate shortages of skilled construction workers and improving productivity through on-site automation.

People’s health and living environments depend on the proper mainte- nance of waterworks infrastructure and disposal of waste.
For many years, Kobe Steel has been engaged in special waste processing operations, including nuclear waste and chemical weapons disposal. At Kobelco Eco-Solutions Co., Ltd., we are involved in busi- nesses around the world for detoxifying PCBs, treating municipal waste, and treating water, both water supply and wastewater. In the water and waste treatment businesses, we have contributed to secur- ing safe water sources and the creation of sustainable communities.

Maintaining transportation infrastructure has a major impact on eco- nomic development, as well as the improvement of living conditions.
Kobe Steel owns self-driving technologies that have been devel- oped through supplying new transit systems like the Port Liner and Yurikamome. We are expanding these technologies across not only Japan but also other Asian countries. Kobe Steel participated in the construction of Indonesia’s first subway line, the North-South Line of the Jakarta Mass Rapid Transit system, which opened in April 2019, contributing to core infrastructure that eases chronic traffic jams in Jakarta and improves the urban environment.

The KOBELCO Group’s Value Creation
Mission Story
Electric Power Business
Review of Fiscal 2019 and Key Measures for Fiscal 2020
Fiscal 2019 was a remarkable year for the electric power business with operations starting up as planned for the No. 1 and No. 2 units at the Moka Power Plant, Japan’s first full-fledged inland thermal power plant. At the same time, the No. 1 and No. 2 units at the Kobe Power Plant continued to operate reliably, and progress was made on the new projects at the Kobe Power Plant, the No. 3 and No. 4 units, as scheduled. In fiscal 2019, we are pleased to report the business booked ordinary income of ¥8.9 billion.
Lately, in the face of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have been taking thorough measures to ensure stable operations of the No. 1 and No. 2 units at the Kobe Power Plant and the No. 1 and No. 2 units at the Moka Power Plant, two large-scale power plants that are a cornerstone of social infrastructure. There have been no delays in the construction of the No. 3 and No. 4 units at the Kobe Power Plant, and we continue to prepare for the start-up of full operations in fiscal 2022.
In fiscal 2020, we are continuing to shore up support for earnings with stable operations of the No. 1 and No. 2 units at the Kobe Power Plant and the No. 1 and No. 2 units at the Moka Power Plant and are carrying out the con- struction of the No. 3 and No. 4 units at the Kobe Power Plant as planned.
Advancing Sustainability Management Based on the Group Corporate Philosophy
In May, management formulated the Group Corporate Philosophy and defined KOBELCO’s Mission, which states “Our mission is to provide solu- tions to the needs of society, by making the best use of the talents of our employees and our technologies.”
Amid changes in the world energy landscape and growing concern about climate change, resource-poor Japan must tackle the enormous question of how to realize a low-carbon society while ensuring the stable supply of energy.
Heeding this national policy, I believe our electric power business must strengthen efforts to further reduce carbon emissions from its thermal power plants. We must ensure stable operations at the Kobe Power Plant, a clean and highly efficient urban power plant that makes us proud, and the inland Moka Power Plant, which adds to the resiliency of the nation.
We have employed the supercritical pressure power generation system for the No. 1 and No. 2 units of the Kobe Power Plant, which is currently in operation. Being located in an urban area, the power plant transmits power with extremely low loss and utilizes world-class environmental equipment. It supplies heating using waste heat as well. From these fac- tors, we consider that the total energy efficiency of the facilities is very high. While stably supplying highly economical electric power over the long term, we are moving toward low-carbon power generation in collaboration with the engineering business to convert wastewater sludge into biomass fuel. We aim to make safe, secure, and prosperous lifestyles a possibility for everyone by contributing to regional society and the global environment. I look forward to examining a broad range of initiatives when the new Medium-Term Management Plan is formulated.
 Market environment, growth opportunities and risksStrengths and market positionInitiatives to address issues, growth strategiesVision, solutions for social issuesNo.1to4units at Kobe Power PlantMarket environment: (1) Making coal more efficient and headwinds
• The national government has started
creating a framework to spur the fading out of inefficient coal-fired power plants in line with its Strategic Energy Plan toward 2030. While ensuring the stable supply of energy, the introduction of new, more effective frameworks is being considered in order for us to move closer to a decar- bonized society.
• Around the world, coal-fired power plants tend to be seen as hampering efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
In the Strategic Energy Plan, coal is positioned as a fuel for critical base load power sources, thanks to reli- able sources of supply and excellent economic viability, calling for coal to be used while increasing efficiency further. ( p. 46)
Market environment: (2) Changes in the energy landscape
• Tougher sales competition in electric
power and invigoration of wholesale market, triggered by full liberalization of retail market and other reforms to electric power systems
• Downtrend in prices in the wholesale electricity market, owing to a large influx of solar power and other forms of renewable energy
• Greater awareness of saving and conserving energy, emergence of new electric power providers
Demand for stable sources of electric power with excellent economic viability
(3) Risks to stable operations
• Risk of degradation in facility perfor- mance due to aging of the Kobe Power Plant
• Risk of early stage equipment mal- functions at the Moka Power Plant• Installation of high-efficiency power generation systems
• One of the largest power plants in Japan, helps improve electric power self-sufficiency of Kobe City and Hanshin region
• Low-emission power plant that satisfies toughest environmental standards in Japan
• Urban power plant with little power transmission loss
• Supplies heating from waste heat
• Effectively uses wastewater sludge from urban areas
• Effectively deploys opera- tional technologies accu- mulated to date, utilizes infrastructure of port facilities(1) Making coal more efficient and headwinds
• The Company’s power genera-
tion facilities are designed to satisfy the power generation efficiency standards in the Energy Conservation Act based on the nation’s Strategic Energy Plan. Our business activities follow national policy and laws governing electric power companies.
• The Kobe Power Plant is located near sources of demand for electric power in urban areas with little power transmission loss. It is able to efficiently deliver clean electric power while imple- menting best-in-class environ- mental protection measures.
• The Kobe Power Plant is one of only a few facilities in Japan that is able to supply heating from its waste heat, achieving high overall energy efficiency.
• The Kobe Power Plant is working on plans to use biomass fuel derived from wastewater sludge and install hydrogen refueling stations.
• Contributes to nation’s energy policy by reliably supplying eco- nomically viable energy to regional society
• Contributes to realization of low-carbon society by reduc- ing CO2 emis- sions through use of underuti- lized energy in regionsNo.1and2 units at Moka Power Plant• As Japan’s first inland thermal power plant, low risk of damage from earth- quakes and tsunamis, acts as backup to Tokyo metro- politan area
• Employs world’s highest levels of efficiency in gas turbine combined cycling
• Uses existing infrastructure such as gas trunk lines and industrial complexes that have already been devel- oped, as well as technolo- gies and know-how accumulated from opera- tion of in-house power generation facilitiesBy taking the above measures, contributes to increasing the efficiency of coal and LNG-fired power plants, which are impor- tant sources in the energy source mix as specified by Japan’s Strategic Energy Plan, and takes steps in line with the nation’s policy to combat global warming
(2) Changes in energy landscape
• All of the electricity generated by the Company’s power plants is supplied on a wholesale basis to electric power companies and gas companies based on long- term contracts.
• Effective use of infrastructure at port facilities in Kobe in particular, and deployment of power plant operational technologies accu- mulated to date
Reliable, long-term supply of electric power with excellent economic viability
(3) Risks to stable operations
• Takes appropriate measures to prevent risks
Makes every effort to reliably maintain facilities with advanced methods that use IT systems, collaborate with research labs, and study examples of prob- lems at other companies  Jiro Kitagawa
Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer
 Earnings Forecasts*
* This refers to the earnings forecasts that we disclosed at the “Initiatives in the Electric Power Business” briefing held in January 2017. Earnings forecasts for each fiscal year include head office expenses of around ¥2 billion to ¥3 billion. The Company expects temporary upfront expenses to arise until the new power generation units go into operation.
Begin operation of Moka No. 2 unit (March 2020)
FY2020 (Plan)
Begin operation of Kobe No. 3 unit (FY2021)
FY2021 (Plan)
Begin operation of Kobe No. 4 unit (FY2022)
FY2022 (Plan)
Around ¥40 billion
No. 3 & 4 units in Kobe
No. 1 & 2 units in Kobe
No.1&2units in Moka
FY2023 (Plan)
  Switch to new contract for Kobe No. 1 unit (April 2017)
FY2017 (Results)
Switch to new contract for Kobe No. 2 unit (April 2019)
Begin operation of Moka No. 1 unit (October 2019)
          44 KOBELCO Group
Integrated Report 2020
KOBELCO Group
Integrated Report 2020 45

National Energy Policy
Starting with the basic premise of energy security, Japan’s Strategic Energy Plan calls for a diverse mix of power sources to simultaneously achieve a reliable supply of energy, eco- nomic viability, and environmental conservation.
The plan designates coal-fired power plants as an impor- tant baseload source for electricity due to coal’s advantages in terms of reliable supply and economic viability. The gov- ernment envisions coal-fired power plants generating 26% of Japan’s total electricity in 2030, while promoting the updates of existing plants with the latest high-efficiency power generation equipment using the best available tech- niques (BAT). The Energy Conservation Act was revised to ensure steady progress toward achieving this goal, while mandating that electric power producers reach an average power generation efficiency standard of at least 44.3% by fiscal 2030 through improvements to the efficiency of their thermal power plants.Social Significance of the Electric Power Business
environmental considerations, by supplying heating using the waste heat from its power generation facilities and by realizing its plans for installing hydrogen refueling stations and using wastewater sludge as biomass fuel.
Moka Power Plant
The No. 1 and No. 2 units of the Moka Power Plant began operation in fiscal 2019. These units deploy a cutting-edge gas turbine combined cycle power generation system and generate electricity at the highest level of efficiency in Japan, using city gas as fuel.
The Moka Power Plant is Japan’s first inland full-fledged thermal power plant, located in a safe area with low probabil- ity of earthquakes and zero risk of damage from tsunamis. With this dispersion of risks, the Cabinet Secretariat selected the Moka Power Plant as an example of improving the resil- iency of the nation and its energy infrastructure. The Moka Power Plant also contributes to increasing the electricity self- sufficiency of Tochigi Prefecture.Moka Power Plant (Gas fired)Kobe Power Plant (Coal fired)
  Targeted Energy Source Mix for FY2030 (%)
Strengthen national resilience
Distinctive urban power plantJapan’s first inland thermal power plant Power source that helps strengthen resilience of electricity infrastructureHighest environmental standardsReduce power transmission lossEffectively use underutilized energyInstall equipment with BAT
Adhere to the Act on the Rational Use of Energy (Energy Conservation Act)Coal 30Natural Gas 43FY2013 11 1
Higher-Efficiency Thermal Power Plants
15 Oil 3
 FY2030 Renewable energy Nuclear power 22–24 20–22
Source: Kobe Steel, based on public data from the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry
Kobe Steel’s Aims
In accordance with the nation’s energy goals, Kobe Steel con- tributes to the effort to increase the efficiency of thermal power plants by installing high-efficiency power generation equip- ment that conforms to BAT and satisfies the power generation efficiency standard set in the Energy Conservation Act.
Kobe Power Plant
The No. 1 and No. 2 units currently operating at the Kobe Power Plant and the No. 3 and No. 4 units under construc- tion are capable of reliably supplying electric power with excellent economic viability, owing to the coal infrastructure at the Kobe Wire Rod & Bar Plant and our know-how in coal-fired power generation accumulated from operating in-house power generation facilities.
The Kobe Power Plant is located in an urban area close to sources of demand and implements high standards in envi- ronmental measures, enabling the highly efficient supply of clean electric power with little power transmission loss, thereby contributing to higher self-sufficiency in electric power for cities in the region. The power plant is resilient to earthquakes and tsunamis, thereby contributing to the devel- opment of communities resilient to natural disasters through more robust electric power infrastructure for major cities.
The Kobe Power Plant aims to be a highly efficient urban power plant that serves as a model to the world in terms of
Increase efficiency and reduce environmental impact
Contribute to nation’s energy policy
TOPICS
  Start of commercial operations at Moka Power Plant
No. 1 unit: Started operations in October 2019 No. 2 unit: Started operations in March 2020
 46 KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020
Coal Natural Gas 26 27
Outline
Location:
Power generation capacity: Power generation method:
Fuel:
Power generation efficiency:
Contract partner:
Features
Moka, Tochigi Prefecture 1,248 MW (624 MW x 2) Gas turbine combined cycle generation
City gas
About 60% (lower heating value basis)
Tokyo Gas Co., Ltd.
(wholesale supply of entire amount for 15 years)
 Japan’s first large-scale inland thermal power plant, introduced by the Cabinet Secretariat as a model private-sector initiative to strengthen national resilience
Covers about 40% of the maximum power demand in Tochigi Prefecture (increasing prefectural electricity self-sufficiency to 70%) Highly efficient with gas turbine combined cycle power genera- tion system

Appointment as Director in Charge of Technical Development
I have worked for many years at Kakogawa Works, and my most cher- ished memory is my second year after joining the Company, when I was put in charge of constructing an electrolytic cleaning line at the cold strip mill. I felt this was beyond my skills at the time. During this period, I gained experience in all aspects of the construction process, from drafting pro- curement specifications, talking with manufacturers, finalizing specifica- tions, and managing on-site construction to conducting trial runs, with support from superiors behind the scenes. It was Kobe Steel’s DNA handed down from one generation to another in the training of new employees. Veterans were always there to guide young people, taking time and effort. This experience has been a backbone for me to this day. Through the development of technology, I believe we can pass our DNA of “taking care of and training people” on to the next generation.
The business environment has become even more challenging than before. In fiscal 2020, Kobe Steel is focusing on development projects that will reinforce the business foundation and lead to stronger earnings, while also making steady progress on the development of technologies for future growth.
Advancing Sustainability Management Based on the Group Corporate Philosophy
The KOBELCO Group has been promoting initiatives to fulfill the needs of customers in existing markets, but in the future we will work harder to solve social issues by leveraging the intellectual assets we have accumu- lated through the development of diverse businesses.
To this end, our key initiatives will be to (1) leverage synergies among our technological assets that support our unique product lines and advanced monozukuri* capabilities, as well as (2) gather ideas and plant the seeds for new technologies, products, and services that will lay the foundation for potential business growth in the future.
Regarding the former, Kobe Steel intends to create new value by marshal- ing its technological assets across the Group, like the Companywide activi- ties underway to achieve its strategy for reducing the weight of automobiles. Regarding the latter, we aim to create new technologies and businesses that will carry us into the future, while setting key priorities for utilizing ICT and AI, electrifying transportation equipment, and reducing CO2 emissions.
There is a tendency to focus on only the development part of techno- logical development, but in reality it relates to all aspects of the develop- ment, manufacturing and selling process. Kobe Steel will boost earnings by reinforcing its monozukuri capabilities through connections between manufacturing and technologies, and create new value with an open mind by having technological development linked to the front lines that are addressing social needs. * Craftsmanship in manufacturing
 For the purpose of disseminating information, facilitating co-creation with customers, and promoting the fusion of technolo- gies of the KOBELCO Group, we are proactively setting up venues and opportunities to accurately identify the needs of customers and create more valuable ideas together with them, as exemplified by KoCoLab.
Technology Showroom: KOBELCO Co-creation Laboratory (KoCoLab)
Automotive Joining Technology Showroom
Machinery Business Product Showroom (KoMPass)
The KOBELCO Group’s Technology Exhibitions were held at the head offices and plants of automakers and parts manufacturers that are our customers, creating a venue for introducing our technologies, products, and services that help reduce the weight of automobiles.KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020 47

We aim to create new technologies, products, and services that satisfy our customers.
• We are strengthening the 21 core technologies that form the technological assets supporting the creation of distinctive products and our advanced monozukuri capabili-
ties. Our co-creation initiatives with customers also lead to the creation of new value.
• We endeavor to create new technologies and businesses that will support the KOBELCO Group in the future, and
have set as key priorities the transportation equipment field, CO2 emissions reduction, and ICT and AI utilization.

The Technical Development Group has dedicated many years to building up a broad base of technologies through research and development activities for diverse businesses that cover materials, machinery, and electric power. The technological assets that support the creation of distinctive products and our advanced manufacturing capabilities can be classified into the following 21 core technologies.
While working to strengthen these core technologies, Kobe Steel will endeavor to create new value for its customers.

On April 1, 2020, the Application Technology Center and Materials Processing Technology Center were established.
The Application Technology Center was established to integrate the solutions development entities from across business divisions and the Technical Development Group and concentrate all of them into the Technical Development Group. The objective is to expand sales and stimulate demand for the Company’s products by strengthening solu- tions development and proposal capabilities. The center conducts R&D and provides prompt user support for application technologies (struc- tural, welding and processing) that help reduce the weight of automo- biles. It also examines potential technologies for automobiles and leverages them to develop new product lines and businesses. Furthermore, the center develops application technologies that support our monozukuri capabilities and our lineup of products for non-automo- tive applications.
The Materials Processing Technology Center was established to marshal together thermal, rolling process, and measurement experts from the Technical Development Group and various business divisions for the purpose of reinforcing the monozukuri capabilities of plants in materials businesses. By having these experts stationed at our materi- als plants, frontline knowledge can be combined with technical exper- tise to quickly find solutions for technical problems, discover potential problems at an early stage, and ultimately strengthen our capabilities for processing technology.
Both centers will leverage the benefits of centralized resources to ensure and advance our technological edge while systemically training human resources.

Kobe Steel takes steps to promote the creation of innovative products and services through technological development. Since 2015, the Company has launched initiatives for this purpose, which include: Management of Technology (MOT) Lectures to improve awareness of innovation that links technological capabilities to economic value; the Scenario Planning System to construct and examine the hypothesis behind new ideas while receiving guidance from external consultants; and the Challenge Theme System to carry out intensive research on highly practical ideas with the participation of experts. One of the tech- nologies that emerged from these initiatives was a new actuator (linear direct-drive motor) structure that enabled more than three times the power output than previous products. The Company is verify- ing the technologies for this new actuator, which can be used in applications that require finely tuned control with large power in a compact form, such as robots on production lines or in power suits. By continuing to pursue such activities, we aim to con- tribute to the realization of safe, secure, and prosperous lifestyles.
Permanent magnets
0 20

Group is formulating an IT strategy to drive transformation of all its businesses.
The business transformation targeted by our IT strategy goes beyond reinforcing our monozukuri capabilities and extends also to R&D of advanced IT solutions, building information systems that sup- port work-style reforms and better relationships with customers, and the training of IT personnel. Our IT strategy is divided into eight “offen- sive” and “defensive” categories, ranging broadly from production sites and points of contact with customers to the establishment of systems for work-style reforms of employees.
Framework for Implementing IT Strategy
AI Technology to Advance Automated Welding Robots
Kobe Steel has been working to reproduce the craftsmanship of veteran welders using artificial intelligence (AI) for many fields that require advanced and complex arc welding technology, such as shipbuilding and energy equipment.
In the past, welders were making high-quality welds by deftly adjusting parameters such as welding speed, weaving width and the center position of weaving while visually monitoring welding pools (the area where the base metal is being welded). Kobe Steel is working to create a system that enables a robot to perform welding at the same level of quality as veteran welders without requiring craftsman-level skills, by having AI control automatically the above set of parameters through the weld-
    Executive Council
IT Strategy Committee IT Strategy Project Section
Eight Topics
“Offensive” IT
“Defensive” IT
R&D of advanced IT solutions Cross-functional manufacturing
Work-style reforms
Improving points of contact with customers
Creating new businesses and products
Rebuilding existing systems Training of personnel
System infrastructure and security
ing robot’s visual sensor.
Kobe Steel plans to deploy a
visual sensor to other robotic sys- tems such as the compact and portable ISHIMATSU welding robot. We believe this technology provides our customers with greater efficien- cies by minimizing man-hours and reduced time needed during weld- ing, while ensuring weldment quality by various logs including visual image.
        Note: Icons shown in blue represent the core technologies that are utilized across business segments.
Progress management
Infrastructure upgrades
   Topic-based subcommittees
Compact and portable ISHIMATSU welding robot with visual sensor
  48 KOBELCO Group
Integrated Report 2020
KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020 49

The KOBELCO Group’s Value Creation
Distinctive Technologies, Products, and Services by Customer Domain
Since its founding in 1905, the KOBELCO Group has created and supplied products needed by its customers for more than 100 years. Today, the KOBELCO Group operates businesses centered on seven segments, but from the perspective of customers, its operations can be divided into the three main categories of Mobility, Energy and Infrastructure, and Life.
Below is a brief introduction to the KOBELCO Group’s diverse and distinctive technologies, products, and services.
Automobiles
50 KOBELCO Group
Integrated Report 2020
KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020 51
Environment and energy
Rolling stock
Urban transit systems
Electrical equipment and electronics
Automobiles
Used in half of all cars worldwide
Kobe Steel’s flagship product
Advanced surface processing technology
Contributions to automobile weight reduction via use in automobile engine hoods, etc.
Materials
Mobility
Automobiles Aircraft Shipbuilding Rolling stock
Energy and Infrastructure
Construction and civil engineering Urban transit systems Environment and energy
Life
Container materials Electrical equipment and electronics
Environment and energy
Materials
Steel powder
Japan’s leading producer
For use in complex-shaped automotive parts and such envi- ronmental applications as purifi- cation of polluted soil and water
Machinery
PVD coating systems
25% share of world market
Apply PVD coatings on auto parts, such as engine components,
for improving durability under severe conditions
Materials
Materials
Non-copper coated solid wires (SE wires)
Reduce environmental impact
Reduce environmental burden through our original wire surface treatment technology, which eliminates need for copper plating treatment during manufacturing
Machinery
HyAC series of compressors for hydrogen refueling stations
Approx. 30% share of domestic market
Compressors sold in sets with dispensers in United States, enabling refueling of fuel-cell vehi- cles with compressed hydrogen
Shipbuilding
Low-slag welding process
Contributions to enhanced anti-corrosion performance
Revolutionary welding method that reduces slag, a starting point for rust, and enhances anti-corrosion performance of automotive under- body parts*
* Jointly developed with Mazda Motor Co., Ltd.
Machinery
Rubber mixers
40% share of world market
Indispensable for production of tires and rubber products. Offer high productivity and energy efficiency based on our leading- edge technologies
Construction and civil engineering
High-strength steel sheets
Japan’s leading producer
Leading producer in development and commercialization of ultra- high-strength steel sheets
Aircraft
Container materials
Materials
Wire rods for automotive engine valve springs
A
Materials
B
Materials
Aluminum sheets for automotive body panels
C
Materials D
Aluminum forgings for auto- motive suspensions
Japan’s leading producer
More than 40% lighter than con- ventional steel forgings
F
Materials E
Aluminum extrusions and fabricated products for automobiles
High-strength aluminum alloys
Contributions to automobile weight reduction via use in bumpers and structural frames
C
AB F
D
E
Copper alloys for automotive terminals and connectors
No. 1 market share in Japan
For use in wire harnesses, the “nerves” of cars. Approximately 30% share of domestic market
Machinery
FlexformTM hydraulic presses
Exclusive global technology
One press can process metal into complex shapes. Various applica- tions include automotive bodies and frames
Machinery
Multi-purpose and vehicle dismantling machines
Contribute to automobile recycling
These machines recover resources such as engines and wire har- nesses with a special nibbler, shortening time to dismantle used vehicles safely.
The KOBELCO Group’s Value Creation
Distinctive Technologies, Products, and Services by Customer Domain
   Aircraft
Construction and civil engineering
Flux-cored wires
Contribute to improved quality and efficiency
Enable high work efficiency and reduce spatter and fumes to improve workplace environments. Used in a wide variety of applications, including shipbuilding, architectural steel frames, and bridges
Machinery
New-model TK-G Series telescopic boom crawler cranes
Excellent transportability
While being less than three meters wide during transport, retains the original series’ sturdy structure capable of withstanding tough foundation and civil engineering work, compact layout with superior operability, and ability to lift to great heights
          Materials
 Titanium for aircraft engine components
Titanium pioneer
Delivering fan case components for aircraft engines for more than 30 years
Crankshafts
40% share of global market
Boasting 40% share of the global market for built-up and solid crankshafts for ships
Shipbuilding
Machinery
Compressors for LNG-fueled ships
Exclusive world-class technology
Compressors for supplying fuel in LNG-fueled ships. Contribute substantially to reducing CO2 emissions
Aircraft gearboxes
Sole supplier in Asia
Aircraft parts realized thanks to our competence in aluminum casting, forging, analysis, and alloy development
Shipbuilding
Robotic welding systems for assembling large blocks in shipbuilding
Reduce welding time by roughly 20%
Automated robotic welding systems improve productivity of welding for assembling large blocks in shipbuilding. Contribute to proliferation of robots
Rolling stock
Aluminum shapes for rolling stock
No. 1 market share in Japan
Used as materials that shape the bodies of rolling stock. Employed in rolling stock in Japan and the U.K.
Isostatic presses
70% share of world market
Contribute to adding value by increasing the strength of complex-shaped parts for aircraft and other applications
Materials
Flux-cored wires
Contribute to improved quality and efficiency
Enable high work efficiency and reduce spatter and fumes to improve workplace environments. Used in a wide variety of applications, including ship- building, architectural steel frames, and bridges
Container materials
Aluminum bottle can stock
Approx. 70% share of domestic market
Holding domestic market shares of more than 30% for aluminum beverage can stock and approximately 70% for aluminum bottle can stock, which requires complex processing
Construction and civil engineering
Eco-View steel plates for longer-lasting paint on bridges
Contribute to longer lifespans of steel bridges
Eco-View steel plates offer excellent paint corrosion resistance, lengthening the interval for repainting bridges, even in high-salinity environments. Help reduce lifecycle costs
KOBEMAG® corrosion resistant steel sheets
Contributions to reductions in lifecycle costs
Superior corrosion and abrasion resistance and high workability. Used in wide applications, including structural components, buildings, electric machinery, and automobiles; certified by the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism for compliance with building standards in February 2020
Machinery
Materials
© Rolls Royce
Materials
Materials
REGARCTM-equipped structural steel welding systems
Improve quality and productivity of structural steel welding
Enhancing quality and productivity of structural steel welding through our original REGARCTM welding process, which significantly reduces sparks and fumes during welding
Machinery
Computerized construction work brand Dig Nav
ICT-enabled construction machinery featuring both efficiency and safety
ICT-enabled construction machinery with a navigation system that significantly increases work efficiency by incorporating monitor displays and alarms in the driver’s cab as well as a machine control system that allows the operator to conduct complex work operations through simple manipulation of a lever
Machinery
Materials
Materials
             Materials
                   Materials
Materials
NEXT building demolition machines with main boom
Lighten workloads at demolition sites
NEXT attachments need fewer steps for safe dismantling, transport, and assembly before work operations begin. Compared with previous models, NEXT shortens work time, lightens labor, and reduces costs
Urban transit systems
Environment and energy
Ma機c機h機inery
Plastic processing machinery
37% share of global market
Contributions to reduced petrochemical plant electricity consumption with high mixing perfor- mance and low energy consumption
               Machinery
  Electrical equipment and electronics
Machinery
Emeraude standard compressors
High domestic market share
Oil-free compressors with highest specs and energy efficiency
      Materials
Materials for semiconductor leadframes
Approx. 20% share of Asia market
Using proprietary elemental bonding to develop copper-alloy strip products that combine strength, conductivity, and heat resistance
Aluminum disks
60% share of global market
Used as substrates in hard disk drives mainly for desktop computers and data centers
Urban transit systems
Best track record in Japan
Boasting an extensive track record in supplying advanced transit systems, such as the Hiroshima Astram Line. Overseas, the North- South Line of the Jakarta Mass Rapid Transit system opened in April 2019
Materials
 Materials
      52 KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020
KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020 53

The KOBELCO Group’s Value Creation
Distinctive Technologies, Products, and Services by Customer Domain
    Environment and energy
Kobe Power Plant
One of Japan’s largest independent power producers
The KOBELCO Group’s Supply Chain
     Machinery
Electric Power
Electric Power
Moka Power Plant
Japan’s first large-scale inland thermal power plant
Fluidized-bed gasification and melting furnaces
Domestic leader
Address needs in waste treatment field for reducing CO2 emissions and reducing final landfill disposal volume
Wood biomass power generation
Effective use of biomass
Unused timber from forest thinning left in mountainous regions is used as biomass fuel for boiler power generators
Machinery
Heat pumps
Industry-leading energy efficiency
Energy-saving devices used for air conditioners and heaters in buildings and plants
Raw Material / Parts Procurement
Iron ore (imported)
Customers
   KOBELCO Group
 Materials
 Machinery
   Kobe Steel
Steel products
Wire rods and bars Steel sheets
Steel plates
Aluminum flat-rolled products
Copper strips
Steel castings and forgings
Titanium products Steel powder Aluminum extrusions Aluminum castings and forgings
Welding materials
Kobe Steel,
Kobe Steel,
Group Companies
Secondary processing at Group companies for some products
     Coal (imported)
   Nonstandard screw compressors
50% share of global market
Supplying compressors to large plants since manufacturing the first domestically produced screw compressor in 1956
MIDREX® Process
World’s top share
World’s leading direct reduction process, with over 70 plants in operation worldwide
Water treatment facilities
Full product lineup
Meeting a wide range of water treatment needs by offering facilities for treating water, sewage, industrial water, wastewater, sludge, and pure/ ultra-pure water
Machinery
Micro channel heat exchangers (DCHE)
Best track record in Japan
Compact heat exchangers used in hydrogen fueling stations and natural gas-related equipment
LNG vaporizers
World-renowned high reliability
Equipment for gasifying liquefied natural gas (LNG) to enable use at gas-fired power plants and city gas facilities
Electric Power
Aluminum ingot (imported)
Finished product manufacturers, etc. (Automobiles, aircraft, ships, construction, cans, appliances, etc.)
 Secondary processors, parts manufacturers
      Material procurement
Group Companies
Distributors, after-sales service companies
     Machinery
Machinery
Machinery
  Parts (domestic, imported)
 Equipment (domestic, imported)
 Materials (domestic, imported)
 Components (domestic, imported)
 Manufacturing bases of finished product manufacturers, etc. (Automobiles, aircraft, ships, construction, cans, appliances, etc.)
Construction and public works sites, etc.
    Coal, natural gas (imported)
 Generators, precision parts, other materials, etc.
  The Kansai Electric Power Company, Incorporated
Tokyo Gas Co., Ltd.
           Materials
Machinery
  Procurement Policies
Kobe Steel’s procurement divisions act in accordance with the following basic policies.
     Welding materials for low-alloy steel
Top global share
Used in oil refining reactors and thermal power boilers
1
Compliance with laws and other social norms
2
Fair and impartial transactions
3
Coexistence with the global environ- ment through procurement
   4
Partnership with suppliers
5
Management of confidential information
            Machinery
Machinery
Titanium sponge (domestic, imported)
 Other secondary materials, etc. (domestic, imported)
Group Companies
Industrial machinery Compressors
Plants
Construction machinery (excavators, cranes)
Group Companies
Power generation
 Promotion of Sustainability Management—Supply Chain Initiatives
We envision a world in which people, now and in the future, can fulfill their hopes and dreams while enjoying safe, secure, and prosperous lives. To realize that vision, we will share recognition of our social responsibility with regard to the follow- ing items with our suppliers, who are cherished business partners, and promote sustainability management initiatives across the supply chain. (Information on these initiatives will be uploaded to the Company’s corporate website on an ongoing basis.)
      Sewage biogas city gas pipe injection facility
Effective utilization of biogas
City gas facility that refines biogas from sewage sludge to same quality as city gas
For more information on Kobe Steel’s procurement policies, please refer to the Company’s corporate website.
https://www.kobelco.co.jp/english/about_kobelco/csr/
Legal compliance Human rights and Occupational health The environment labor and safety
Quality and safety Information security Business continuity plans
Impartial transactions and ethics
Social contributions
       54 KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020
KOBELCO Group
Integrated Report 2020 55
Consumer market

Business
Foundation
The KOBELCO Group’s Business Foundation
 56 KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020
 The KOBELCO Group’s Business Foundation
 Environmental Management and Reduction of CO2 Emissions
Through environmental management based on three corporate visions,
We aim to contribute to a world in which people, now and in the future, can fulfill their hopes and dreams while enjoying safe, secure, and prosperous lives.
We envision a world in which people, now and in the future, can fulfill their hopes and dreams while enjoying safe, secure, and prosperous lives. In realizing that vision, we assume the important responsibility of passing on to future generations a healthy global environment in which all forms of life can thrive. We wholeheartedly acknowledge this obligation and are moving forward with concrete initiatives that align with the Six Pledges of KOBELCO Men and Women. In addition, we have established the Six Initiatives for Environmental Management and are practicing environmental management accordingly.
The KOBELCO Group has been and will continue to utilize its individuality and technologies and care for the environment in all aspects while taking on the challenge of resolving social issues including those facing the global environment.
Basic Environmental Management Policy
As a leading environmental corporate group, the KOBELCO Group will fulfill its social responsibilities as described in this policy, improve its environmental capabilities, and enhance its corporate value.
VISION VISION VISION
123
Pursuing environmentally Contributing to the environment through Coexisting and cooperating friendly manufacturing technologies, products, and services with society
Enhance corporate value further through Group environmental management (improving Group environmental capabilities)
Six Pledges of KOBELCO Men and Women and Six Initiatives for Environmental Management
Based on its Basic Environmental Management Policy, the KOBELCO Group has identified the following initiatives for environmental management that align with the Six Pledges of KOBELCO Men and Women, which embody its standards of conduct.
           Six Pledges of KOBELCO Men and Women
  Six Initiatives for Environmental Management
  1 Heightened Sense
of Ethics and Professionalism
2 Contribution to the Society by Providing Superior Products and Services
3 Establishing a Comfortable but Challenging
Work Environment
4 Living in Harmony with Local Community
5 Contribution to
a Sustainable Environment
6 Respect for
Each Stakeholder
Comprehensive risk man- agement procedures
Contributing to
the environment through technologies, products, and services
Promoting environmental initiatives with full employee participation
Coexisting and cooperating with society
Environmentally friendly manufacturing
Disclosure of environmental information
In addition to thorough compliance with environmental laws and regula- tions, properly implement environmental management by identifying envi- ronmental risks in business activities and striving to mitigate these risks.
Contribute to the environment by providing environmentally friendly tech- nologies, products, and services.
Initiatives are taken to foster a workplace culture where all employees participate in environmental education and study to ensure that they always conduct themselves by taking the environment into consideration, and eco-office activities are undertaken to create work environments that con- serve energy and are conducive to work.
Through forest preservation activities and the KOBELCO Forest Fairy Tale Prize, we engage in activities to contribute to the environment in each region and contribute to local communities by cleaning up areas near business locations.
We take a comprehensive approach to environmentally friendly manufactur- ing, including reducing environmental load, preventing global warming, and promoting resource recycling.
Activities related to environmental management are accurately conveyed to stakeholders through the disclosure of environmental information and facilitation of communication with local communities and customers.
      Please visit our website for a list of organizations subject to reporting under our “Environmental Management and Reduction of CO2 Emissions.”
https://www.kobelco.co.jp/english/about_kobelco/outline/integrated-reports/subordinate2020/index.html
KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020 57

The KOBELCO Group’s Business Foundation
 Environmental Management and Reduction of CO2 Emissions
Medium- to Long-Term Environmental Objectives and Initiatives
The KOBELCO Group is committed to environmentally friendly business practices. We established the Fiscal 2016– Fiscal 2020 Medium-Term Environmental Management Plan and are implementing initiatives in the six key areas of our Basic Environmental Management Policy.
Initiatives for Implementation
Long-Term Policies
Medium-Term Targets
Continue implementing energy-saving initiatives, working toward achievement of each industry’s Commitment to a Low Carbon Society
Continue reducing the amount of waste disposed and achieve the industry’s voluntary action plan targets.
Carry out appropriate disposal in accordance with the Guidelines Related to Management of Iron and Steel Slag Products
Properly manage and reduce or replace chemical substances, and properly comply with the PCB Special Measures Law and the Law Concerning the Discharge and Control of Fluorocarbons
Continue meticulous operational management and facility management in an effort to reduce environmental impact from air emissions, etc.
Continue on-site environmental audits by the Head Office and expand audits to Group companies and affiliated companies in an effort to improve independent environmental management systems
Instill in overseas Group companies the same level of environ- mental management as in Japan and improve risk management through such activities as on-site environmental inspections
Continue initiatives such as stratified training, e-learning, and environmental training for Group companies, and encourage use of the KOBELCO Eco-Life Notebook (household eco-account book), in efforts to increase environmental awareness
Contribute to the creation of a low-carbon society through the efforts of the entire KOBELCO Group by working on issues in the environment and energy fields, such as weight reduction of transportation vehicles, the creation of a hydrogen-based society, and the diversification of power sources
Promote the KOBELCO GREEN PROJECT, centered on the three key activities of the KOBELCO Forest Fairy Tale Prize, forest development, and environmental education outreach to children’s centers, in an effort to cooperate and coexist in harmony with local communities
Continue disclosing information in an effort to communicate with all stakeholders
Fiscal 2019 Results
Initiatives for Fiscal 2020
Self-assessment
: Progressing as planned : Some issues remaining
: Plan not achieved
p. 18, 62
p. 66
Our web- site
p. 66
p. 64
p. 64
p. 18, 63
p. 67
p. 67
      Measures against global warming
Save energy, reduce CO2 emissions, and combat global warming in every aspect of the Group’s operations
    Promoting resource recycling
Continue activities aimed at zero landfill waste
    Appropriate management of chemical substances
Reduce hazardous substances in accordance with the
“Kobe Steel Group Policy on Controlling Hazardous Chemical Substances”
    Reducing environmental impact
Make continuous efforts toward reducing the impact on the environment through comprehen- sive voluntary controls
     Comprehensive risk management procedures
Pursue systematic
and deliberate efforts to reduce risks
     Promoting environmental initiatives with full employee participation
Constantly improve the environmental awareness of all KOBELCO Group employees
     Contributing to the environment through technologies, products, and services
Keep all product and technical development environmentally friendly, and create environmen- tally sustainable products and new businesses
     Coexisting and cooperating with society
Promote coexistence
and cooperation with local communities in regard to the environment
     Disclosure of environmental information
Take active steps to disclose environmental information and improve communication with stakeholders
        Begin formulating a long-term vision centered on the CO2 Reduction Promotion Subcommittee and CO2 Reduction Technology Study Working Group Steadily continue energy conservation initiatives while conducting energy-saving investments to achieve targets
   Implement waste treatment plans established by each business
Carry out appropriate disposal in accordance with the Guidelines Related to Management of Iron and Steel Slag Products
   Continue to carry out disposal of high-concentration PCB waste based on plans; continue to conduct surveys to identify low-concentration PCBs con- tained in equipment currently in use and formulate plans for disposal by legally mandated deadline; properly manage equipment using fluorocarbons
   Continue meticulous operation management and facility management, with efforts to reduce the environmental impact from soot/smoke, etc.
   Increase environmental management levels through training for employees at production sites, imple- ment environmental audits and confirm progress. Carry out on-site environmental assessments for Group companies in Malaysia, Singapore, China, and U.S., and increase environmental management levels at each company
   Raise environmental awareness by continuing mea- sures such as stratified training and environmental training for Group companies, as well as promoting the use of the KOBELCO Eco-Life Notebook
   By expanding sales of technologies, products, and services and conducting technical development of multi-materials, undertake measures to reach targets for reduction of CO2 emissions and help reduce
CO2 emissions in society
   Continue to promote KOBELCO GREEN PROJECT (comprising KOBELCO Forest Fairy Tale Prize, forest development activities, and environmental education outreach to children’s centers*) to better coexist and cooperate with local communities
* Environmental education outreach to children’s centers has been suspended due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
   Continue disclosing information and enhance communication with all stakeholders
   Established CO2 Reduction Promotion Subcommittee and CO2 Reduction Technology Study Working Group; set fiscal 2030 target for reducing CO2 emissions from production processes
Steadily implemented energy conservation initiatives while conducting energy-saving investments to achieve targets
• Target for reducing CO2 emissions from production processes: Fiscal 2030 target: Reduction of 1.1 million tons of CO2
(vs. BAU in fiscal 2013)
Fiscal 2019 performance: Reduction of 0.68 million tons of CO2 (actual value, vs. BAU in fiscal 2013)
Made steady progress in the waste treatment plans established by each business, with good prospects for achieving the targets of the fiscal 2020 voluntary action plan
Implemented proper operations following the guidelines for Kakogawa Works and Takasago Works; conducted internal audits at all business locations regarding proper treatment of slag
Conducted disposal of transformers, fluorescent lamps, and other high-concentration PCB waste according to plans (disposal antici- pated to be completed by legally mandated deadline); disposed some of the low-concentration PCB waste and conducted surveys to identify low-concentration PCBs contained in equipment currently in use; appropriately responded to the requirements of the Act on Rational Use and Proper Management of Fluorocarbons
Continued thorough management of soot/smoke and wastewater Achieved voluntary targets every month (3t/km2/month) for dust fall at Kakogawa Works
Aimed to increase environmental management levels at production sites through use of environmental management systems and carried out environmental audits and other measures to confirm progress
Carried out on-site environmental assessments for Group compa- nies in Thailand, India, and Vietnam and raised environmental management levels at each company
Increased employees’ environmental awareness and knowledge through environmental conferences, stratified training, and e-learning
Promoted environmental awareness at employees’ homes through the KOBELCO Eco-Life Notebook
Established CO2 Reduction Promotion Subcommittee and CO2 Reduction Technology Study Working Group; set fiscal 2030 target for contribution to reduction of CO2 emissions through technologies, products, and services
Helped reduce CO2 emissions by providing MIDREX® Process, which uses raw materials with low CO2 emissions, and by improv- ing fuel economy with ultra-high-strength steel
• Targets for contribution to reduction of CO2 emissions through technologies, products, and services:
Fiscal 2030 target: Contribution to reduction of 49 million tons of CO2 emissions
Fiscal 2019 performance: Contribution to reduction of 32.62 million tons of CO2 emissions
Received more than 600 submissions for the seventh annual KOBELCO Forest Fairy Tale Prize, with backing from all municipali- ties in which our 12 domestic business locations are located Performed environmental education outreach to children’s centers in three locations; conducted forest development activities in two locations
Disclosed environmental information via Integrated Report 2019, Company website, environmental monitors, and other sources; introduced Group environmental technologies and products at exhibitions
Launched a website providing monthly environmental data for Moka Power Plant, which commenced operation in fiscal 2019
Evaluation
Evaluation
Evaluation
Evaluation
Evaluation
Evaluation
Evaluation
Evaluation
Evaluation
                              58 KOBELCO Group
Integrated Report 2020
KOBELCO Group
Integrated Report 2020 59
Environmentally friendly manufacturing
VISION 1 VISION 2 VISION 3

The KOBELCO Group’s Business Foundation
 Environmental Management and Reduction of CO2 Emissions
Initiatives to Reduce CO2 Emissions
The KOBELCO Group views initiatives to reduce CO2 emissions as one of its most important management issues. Targets for fiscal 2030 have been set to further the advancement of these initiatives. (See pages 18 and 62 for information on targets.)
Going forward, the KOBELCO Group will continue to pursue reduction of CO2 emissions in order to contribute to “a world in which people, now and in the future, can fulfill their hopes and dreams while enjoying safe, secure, and prosperous lives” as envisioned in KOBELCO’s View of the Future.
Short-to-Medium- and Long-Term Climate Change-Related Risks and Opportunities
     Long term (by FY2050)
Opportunities
 Long term (by FY2050)
          Governance and Risk Management
Kobe Steel has a structure in place whereby important matters related to CO2 reduction that could have a major impact on man- agement are deliberated and decided by the Executive Council and monitored by the Board of Directors. In fiscal 2019, the Company established the CO2 Reduction Promotion Subcommittee under the CSR Committee, which is an advisory body to the Executive Council, to examine methods for reducing CO2 emissions. The Company also created the CO2 Reduction Technology Study Working Group under the R&D Committee, which also advises the Executive Council, to examine technological methods for reducing CO2 emissions. This put into place a structure for facilitating Companywide activities to reduce CO2 emissions.
Process for Identifying and Managing Risks
from Climate Change
The KOBELCO Group, centered on the CO2 Reduction Promotion Subcommittee, examines both risks and opportunities associ- ated with climate change, based on the flowchart shown below.
The results of these examinations are reported to and deliber- ated by the CSR Committee, and then determined by the Executive Council.
Policy and legal systems
Market and technology transitions
Reputation
Physical risks
(natural disasters, etc.)
Short-to-medium term (by FY2030)
Higher costs stemming from regulatory tightening
Rising capital investments, research and development expenses, and operating costs associated with low-carbon technologies
Deterioration of corporate reputation due to insufficient or delayed information disclosure
Reduction of production volumes and disruptions of supply chains due to increases in floods, typhoons, and other natural disasters
Increases in countermeasure costs and reductions in production volumes at factories in coastal locations due to damage from rising sea levels and high tides
Short-to-medium term (by FY2030)
Growing demand for technologies, products, and services that contribute to reduction of CO2 emissions (automotive weight reduction, MIDREX® Process, etc.)
See special feature (Pages 18–23)
Differentiation from other companies by establishing a reputation as a front-runner in combating climate change
Growth in product demand due to higher public investment and capital investments for disaster prevention purposes
       Board of Directors
        President & CEO
 Executive Council
 Advising and reporting
Collaboration
(Hajime Nagara, Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer; Chairman of the CSR Committee)
High risk
Low risk
Large opportunity
Small opportunity
   CSR Committee
R&D Committee
    CO2 Reduction Promotion Subcommittee
CO2 Reduction Technology Study Working Group
  Responses to Risks and Opportunities (R&D)
Reduction of CO2 Emissions in Production Processes
Japan’s steelmaking technologies are already at the most advanced levels in the world. Kobe Steel is participating with other steelmak- ers in the three development projects outlined below that are being promoted by the New Energy and Industrial Technology Develop- ment Organization (NEDO) in a bid to further reduce CO2 emissions in the blast furnace ironmaking process and to realize practical application of these developments. In addition, the Company is advancing research and development with the aim of increasing energy efficiency in its reduction and melting processes.
Contribution to Reduction of CO2 Emissions through Technologies, Products, and Services
The KOBELCO Group is engaged in ongoing R&D projects to realize further benefits of CO2 emissions reductions in its existing lineup of products that contribute to emissions reductions, such as materials for automotive weight reduction and heat pumps. Midrex Technologies, Inc., has formed a joint-development agreement with ArcelorMittal, S.A., pertaining to a direct reduction ironmaking tech- nology that utilizes hydrogen (see page 23). In addition, we are mov- ing ahead with the development of an energy storage system using compressed air among other proactive efforts to develop new tech- nologies, products, and services that help reduce CO2 emissions.
    Board of Directors
  Monitors measures related to CO2 reduction that could have a major impact on management
  Quarterly
 Executive Council
Deliberates and decides important matters related to CO2 reduction measures
At least once per year
 CSR Committee
 Deliberates important matters related to CO2 reduction measures
 At least once per year
   R&D Committee
  Deliberates plans and strategies for developing new products and technologies for reducing CO2 emissions
  At least once per year
     Identify risks and opportunities arising from changes in laws, regula- tions, and social demands
Strategy
Set assumptions and targets in business strategies
Examine technological measures for reducing CO2 emissions
Design and execute action plans
 Innovative Technology Development
  Participating Companies
  Technologies Being Developed
 CO2 Ultimate Reduction in Steelmaking Process by Innovative Technology for Cool Earth 50 (COURSE 50)
Nippon Steel Corporation JFE Steel Corporation Kobe Steel, Ltd.
Nippon Steel Engineering Co., Ltd.
1 Hydrogen-reduction technology that reduces iron ore by increasing the hydrogen concentration in high-temperature coke oven gas (COG) emitted during coke production as a partial alternative to coke
2 Technology for separating and capturing CO2 from blast furnace gas (BFG) with underutilized waste heat within steelworks
 Technological Development of Ironmaking Process Utilizing Ferro-coke
  JFE Steel Corporation Kobe Steel, Ltd.
Nippon Steel Corporation
  Energy-saving technology that can reduce the amount of coke fed into blast furnaces by dramatically increasing reduction efficiency within blast furnaces by utilizing the catalytic reaction of metallic iron contained in ferro-coke formed from the blend molding and carbonization of thermal coal and low-grade iron ore
 Technology Development for Realizing Zero-Carbon Steel
 Nippon Steel Corporation
JFE Steel Corporation
Kobe Steel, Ltd.
The Japan Research and Development Center for Metals
 Super-innovative technologies, such as hydrogen reduction without using blast fur- naces, to realize zero-carbon steel
    Kobe Steel analyzes the medium- to long-term risks and opportu- nities associated with climate change based on consideration for the social scenarios proposed by the International Energy Agency; the long-term visions formulated and announced by the Japan Iron and Steel Federation, the Japan Aluminium Association, and other industry organizations; and the energy policies of Japan.
Climate-related risks: As exemplified by the introduction of carbon pricing schemes, environmental regulations on climate change are becoming stricter and have the potential to significantly impact the Company’s performance and financial position. In addition, given the increasing severity of damages from floods and typhoons, it is anticipated that the increase of natural disasters due to climate change may cause declines in production volumes and disruptions of supply chains.
The appropriateness of the measures implemented by the Company is assessed based on these analyses.
Climate-related opportunities: As international concern for climate change-related issues rises, demand is growing for low-carbon products and services. We can expect that demand for the KOBELCO Group’s products and services that help reduce CO2 emissions, such as materials for automotive weight reduction and the MIDREX® Process, will increase over the medium to long term.
Scenario Analysis
 60 KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020
KOBELCO Group
Integrated Report 2020 61
Materials-related initiatives Machinery-related initiatives Electric Power-related initiatives
Pages 37–40 Pages 41–43 Pages 44–46
Risks
  In fiscal 2019, the Company began examining measures based on socio-economic scenarios. Examinations will be advanced in conjunction with medium- to long-term strategies, and the appropriate analysis results will be disclosed.

The KOBELCO Group’s Business Foundation
 Environmental Management and Reduction of CO2 Emissions
Initiatives to Reduce CO2 Emissions
Metrics and Targets
Metric A Reduction of CO2 Emissions in Production Processes 1 Targets
Metric B Contribution to Reduction of CO2 Emissions through Technologies, Products, and Services 1 Targets
  The KOBELCO Group seeks to conserve energy and reduce CO2 emissions in its production processes.
Based on the Commitment to a Low Carbon Society, promoted by industry groups to which the Group belongs, we have defined a target for reducing CO2 emissions from production processes for fiscal 2030. (See page 19 for information on the target.)
2 Past Emissions of CO2
Following the oil crisis, which spanned from the 1970s to the 1990s, Japan’s steel industry moved to utilize energy more effec- tively by installing waste heat collection systems and conserving energy by switching to continuous processes and shorter pro- cesses. From the 1990s, the steel industry focused on upgrading waste heat collection systems and increasing the efficiency of equipment while taking steps to effectively use waste materials. In recent years, industry players have installed highly efficient gas turbine power plants.
Kobe Steel has maintained a consistent approach in advancing various energy conservation and CO2 reduction measures through proactive capital investments. For example, highly efficient gas tur- bine power generation facilities that use gas from blast furnaces were installed at Kakogawa Works over the period from fiscal 2009 to fiscal 2014, resulting in a substantial reduction of CO2 emissions.
In fiscal 2019, CO2 emissions from production processes decreased by 1.17 million tons (vs. BAU in fiscal 2013) due to reductions associated with temporary factors, such as the COVID- 19 pandemic. Excluding these temporary factors, we achieved a reduction of 0.68 million tons of CO2 (vs. BAU in fiscal 2013).
With the goal of accomplishing its targets for fiscal 2030, the KOBELCO Group is engaging in thorough energy conservation efforts and capital investments. To this end, the Group is working to build and achieve a steelmaking industry with low CO2 emissions through collaboration between the Steel & Aluminum Business, which belongs to the materials businesses, and the Engineering Business, which is part of the machinery businesses.
3 CO2 Emissions from Energy Use
In fiscal 2019, CO2 emissions from energy use totaled 16.5 million tons for the entire Group. Of this amount, 93% was emitted from the Iron & Steel Business, 4% from the Aluminum & Copper Business, and 2% from the Electric Power Business.
The KOBELCO Group contributes to reduction of CO2 emissions in various areas of society through its distinctive technologies, prod- ucts, and services. The Group set a target for these contributions in fiscal 2030 (see page 19 for information on the target).
Regarding the contributions to reduction of CO2 emissions through technologies, products, and services, the Group has insti- tuted an internal accreditation system. For the formulas used in accreditations, we receive advice from Kiyotaka Tahara, the labora- tory leader of the Research Laboratory for IDEA at the Research Institute of Science for Safety and Sustainability at the National
Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology.
Fiscal 2019 Performance (actual value)
Reduction of CO2 emissions in production processes Reduction of 0.68 Mt (vs. BAU in fiscal 2013) *1, 2, 3, 4
        19 For more information on the KOBELCO Group’s CO2 emissions, 18
18.7
2017
17.9
2017年度
32.6
2019 (FY)
Fiscal 2030 Target
Reduction of CO2 emissions in production processes Reduction of 1.1 Mt (vs. BAU in fiscal 2013)*1, 2, 3
 *1 Total of Scope 1 and Scope 2
*2 Scope: Business locations of Kobe Steel, Ltd., and Kobelco Construction Machinery
Co., Ltd. (covers approximately 95% of CO2 emissions of the entire Group)
*3 BAU (Business as usual): Emissions of greenhouse gases assuming no additional
measures are taken
*4 Emission coefficients for fiscal 2018 used, as the emission coefficients for fiscal 2019
have yet to be published
CO2 Emissions from Energy Use
(Total of Scope 1 and Scope 2, excluding some areas*1) (Includes domestic and overseas Group companies)
Accreditation Flow
Business divisions
Application
Accreditation office
Verification
Third party
CO2 Reduction Promotion Subcommittee
Approval
Advice on formula for calculating contribution to reduction of CO2 emissions
  CO2 Emissions from Energy Use*
(Total of Scope 1 and Scope 2, excluding some areas) (Includes domestic and overseas Group companies)
In addition, Kobe Steel plans to calculate the contributions made by the following technologies, products, and services to reducing CO2 emissions.
Key Technologies, Products, and Services That Contribute to Reduction of CO2 Emissions (c1o7n.9tribution amounts to be calculated at a future date)
2017年度 2018年度
* Products and services planned to be provided to customers in the future
2 Contribution to Reduction of CO2 Emissions
The CO2 Reduction Promotion Subcommittee estimates that the KOBELCO Group’s technologies, products, and services contributed to a reduction of CO2 emissions totaling 32.62 million tons.
Past Contribution to Reduction
of CO2 Emissions
 Technologies, Products, and Services
 Iron & Steel
Aluminum & Copper
16.5Mt
*1 CO2 emissions in the electric power business calculated based on the Ministry of the
Total contribution to reduction of CO2 emissions in fiscal 2019
Electric Power Welding Machinery Others
32.6Mt
Automotive/ Ironmaking
transportation field plant field 16% 71%
High-strength steel for 29 ships
4.0% 2.2% 0.4% 0.1% 0.3%
Total CO2 emissions in fiscal 2019*1, 2
Power generation/ storage field
Industrial/ 1% construction
machinery field 8%
Others 4%
New ironmaking process using low CO2 materials
Improvements in fuel economy by using high-strength materials to reduce weight of automobiles and transporta- tion equipment
Energy conservation by achieving higher efficiency and using underutilized energy
Improvements in fuel economy by using 20 fuel-efficient construction machinery
Reduction in volume of fossil resources used by utilizing carbon-neutral resources
Reduction in energy used to produce cement by utilizing recycled resources as inputs
    93.0%
Environment’s Manual for Calculating and Reporting Greenhouse Gas Emissions (Version 4.6, released in June 2020) and excluding CO2 emissions (approximately 7.2 million tons) related to electricity transmitted from power plants
*2 Emission coefficients for fiscal 2018 used, as the emission coefficients for fiscal 2019 have yet to be published
Automotive/ transportation field
Wire rods for suspen- sion springs
Contribution to Reduction (10,000 tons/year)
Concept behind Reduction
    Ironmaking plant field
MIDREX®
2,328
   Ultra-high-strength steel for automobiles
420
  21
  Wire rods for automo- tive valve springs
53
    Heat pumps, standard compressors, SteamStar, binary generators, Eco-Centri
  239
 Industrial/ construction machinery field
 Fiscal 2030 Target
Fuel-efficient construc- tion machinery
49.0
Contribution to Reduction
of CO2 Emissions
Mt
Fiscal 2030 Target
The KOBELCO Group’s technologies, products, and services contributed to a reduction of
49.0Mt of CO2 emissions
       Power genera- tion/storage field
Wood biomass power generation, waste-to- energy (WtE)
25
      Others
Blast furnace cement
127
    (Mt-CO2)
(Mt-CO2)
34
30
26
22
18
       please visit the Company’s corporate website.
https://www.kobelco.co.jp/english/about_kobelco/outline/ integrated-reports/subordinate2020/index.html
17
16
15
* For the
17.4
2018
17.5
2016年度
27.0
20.1
2017 2018
17.5
2016年度
 Technologies, Products, and Services
  Concept behind Reduction
 Automotive/
transportation field
16.5
 Fuel-cell separator materials, aluminum shapes for rolling stock, titanium for aircraft components, crankshafts for ships, compressors for LNG carriers, microbinary generators for ships*
Improvement of fuel economy by reducing weight of automobiles and transportation vehicles, replacement of existing automobiles with next-generation gasoline engine automobiles, energy conservation by achieving higher efficiency and using underutilized energy
 Hydrogen utilization field
  High-purity Hydrogen Oxygen Generator (HHOG)
  Reduction in volume of fossil resources used by utilizing hydrogen
 Power generation/ storage field
 Conversion of sludge to fuel, utilization of coal-fired thermal power plants, compressed air energy storage system*
 Reduction in volume of fossil resources used by utilizing carbon-neutral resources, use of excess electricity
      16.5
2019 (FY)
16.5
2018年度
    62 KOBELCO Group
Integrated Report 2020
KOBELCO Group
Integrated Report 2020 63
a list of Group companies surveyed for each fiscal year, see the annual report for corresponding fiscal year.

The KOBELCO Group’s Business Foundation
 Environmental Management and Reduction of CO2 Emissions
Thorough Risk Management
Kobe Steel identifies environmental risks in its business activities and takes steps to reduce these risks, while properly managing risks in accordance with daily operating procedures. Through environmental audits and other activities, the Company continues to ensure thorough compliance with laws and regulations and reinforces environmental management.
Environmental Training and Study
Since fiscal 2006, Kobe Steel has continually incorporated environ- mental training and study into its stratified training program for employees in specific positions at business locations. Additionally, the Company provides e-learning programs regularly via the intranet to raise environmental awareness among employees and guarantee a thorough knowledge of environmental laws and regulations.
In fiscal 2019, study sessions on environmental laws and regu- lations were held three times and training sessions for persons in charge of waste management were held four times. A total of 133 people took part in these study and training sessions.
Study session on environmental laws and regulations
Environmental Management Systems
at Overseas Locations
Our overseas locations also have environmental management sys- tems in place, just like our business locations and Group compa- nies in Japan. Kobe Steel aims to strengthen environmental management further by sharing information among business divi- sions at Kobe Steel and with overseas locations.
In the United States and China, where many Group production sites are located, the regional headquarters for respective regions, Kobe Steel USA Inc. and Kobelco (China) Holding Co., Ltd., have environmental managers who are well-versed in local laws and regulations to assist other Group companies and take steps to mitigate risks.
Environmental Audits
Kobe Steel implements on-site environmental audits once every two to five years at overseas business locations. During these audits, the environmental manager at the regional headquarters, who is well-versed in local laws and regulations, or a local consul- tant is appointed to review compliance with environmental laws and regulations and recommend steps to reduce risks.
A total of 32 overseas Group companies are subject to on-site environmental audits, comprising seven in the United States, 10 in China, 14 in Asia (excluding China), and one in Europe. In fiscal 2019, we conducted on-site audits at a total of six companies in Thailand, India, and Vietnam to review the state of environmental management and to identify problems. Based on the results of these audits, we implemented necessary corrective measures. Kobe Steel will continue to conduct these audits in order to strengthen its envi- ronmental management at overseas business sites.
Environmental Training and Study
at Overseas Locations
In the United States and China, employees in charge of environ- mental management participate in environmental seminars and networking events in order to advance the skills of environmental managers at Group companies and share information on the latest developments in environment-related laws and regulations. Employees who will be transferred to overseas locations are given environmental training prior to their departure with the aim of heightening the consciousness of environmental risks, raising the awareness of local laws and regulations, and preventing environ- mental problems.
Networking event in China
On-site environmental audit at Thai-Kobe Welding Co., Ltd.
Monitoring of Environmental Risks
in Investment Projects
The KOBELCO Group has established systems for checking com- pliance with environmental laws and regulations as well as environ- mental risks associated with capital investment projects at each business location. In addition, we employed an environmental checklist system through which the head office double-checks the laws and risks pertaining to projects that entail particularly large investments.
These checks are to confirm that, for example, chemical stor- age tanks are not installed underground in order to prevent soil contamination and to check whether or not effective measures are in place for preventing leaks in cases when storage tanks are located near drainage channels.
  Strengthening Environmental Management
(Promoting an environmental management system)
The KOBELCO Group employs environmental management sys- tems (EMSs) based on ISO 14001 and reinforces environmental management through a PDCA cycle. Kobe Steel has acquired certification at all 12 business locations and for the Engineering Business, in addition to 19 domestic Group company business locations and 14 overseas Group companies. The percentage of major production business sites that have EMS certification is 92% among 49 business locations.
Percentage of Total Business Locations with EMS Certification (Domestic and Overseas Group Companies)
measurement records and various reports, and inspect work sites for waste storage and other conditions. The audits also entail inter- views with managers.
The results of audits conducted in fiscal 2019 are as follows.
  EMS based on KOBELCO Group standards
Currently seeking to obtain certification
4%
ISO 14001 74%
 4% 18%
EA21*
* EA21 (Eco Action 21): An environmental management system accredited by the Ministry of the Environment for which certification is easier to obtain than ISO 14001
Each business location periodically conducts drills for possible emergency situations. Issues are identified in follow-up meetings after the drills and steps are taken to improve responsiveness.
Drill on setting out sandbags and oil absorbent mats in preparation for leakages (Shinko North Co., Ltd.)
Implementation of Environmental Audits
The KOBELCO Group conducts paper audits based on checklists of risks every year to ensure compliance with laws and regulations at Kobe Steel and all business locations of domestic Group companies.
On-site environmental audits are conducted at 12 business locations of Kobe Steel and 28 business locations of 20 domestic Group companies with high environmental risks. These are strict on-site environmental audits to check documents, such as
On-site environmental audit (Ibaraki Plant)
Promoting Environmental Initiatives with Full Employee Participation
KOBELCO Group Environmental Meeting
The KOBELCO Group Environmental Meeting is held every year for the purposes of sharing environmental information and promoting cross-development of environmental initiatives. In fiscal 2019, par- ticipants shared useful examples of ways to reduce environmental burden at the business locations where they work and reviewed changes to environmental laws and regulations.
Results of Audits Conducted in Fiscal 2019
Paper audits: 12 business locations of Kobe Steel, 411 busi- ness locations of 96 domestic Group companies
On-site environmental audits: 6 business locations of Kobe Steel, 12 business locations of 8 domestic Group companies
      64 KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020
KOBELCO Group
Integrated Report 2020 65
KOBELCO Group Environmental Meeting

The KOBELCO Group’s Business Foundation
 Environmental Management and Reduction of CO2 Emissions
  Environmentally Friendly Manufacturing
Reduction of Environmental Impacts
Water Pollution Measures
The KOBELCO Group strives to conserve water through such measures as improvements to manufacturing processes and wastewater recycling. Additionally, by purifying drainage from manufacturing processes using specialized treatment systems, we reduce levels of polluting substances in public water resources. At Kobe Steel’s business locations, drainage from production pro- cesses undergoes coagulative precipitation, sand filtration, and other purification processes and is reused on-site. As a result, approximately 96% of the water is recycled on premises.
Air Pollution Measures
We take measures to limit SOx (sulfur oxide) emissions during manufacturing processes, such as conserving energy to reduce fuel consumption, using low-sulfur fuels, and switching to city gas, while also implementing exhaust-related measures, such as desul- furization. Likewise, to reduce NOx (nitrogen oxide) emissions, we have implemented low NOx combustion technology and energy- saving measures.
Promotion of Resource Recycling
To make effective use of limited resources, the KOBELCO Group implements measures to control waste. We add value to by-prod- ucts created during manufacturing processes, develop and intro- duce new applications for materials, and actively pursue recycling.
In fiscal 2019, a total of 4.12 million tons of by-product materi- als were generated by the KOBELCO Group, and approximately 0.18 million tons were disposed of in landfills. The recycling ratio was 98.7% for the major by-products of slag, dust, and sludge, reflecting aggressive efforts to improve yields and reduce the use of secondary materials in the Iron & Steel Business, the main pro- ducer of by-products. These measures will also contribute to the achievement of new targets (350,000 tons in fiscal 2020) based on voluntary action targets set by Japan’s steelmaking industry (numerical targets for final landfill disposal volume and recycling).
The recycling ratio for the KOBELCO Group (Japan) was 95.0%. We will continue to reduce final landfill disposal volume by controlling the amount of waste produced, increasing recycling, and developing and adding value to new recycling technologies.
Measures against Global Warming
(Energy use in production processes)
In response to global warming, the KOBELCO Group promotes streamlining and R&D to reduce energy consumption throughout its operations.
In fiscal 2019, we took measures to conserve energy by install- ing inverters, upgrading to high-efficiency equipment, and switch- ing to LED lights at business sites.
The KOBELCO Group used 196 PJ of energy in fiscal 2019 (equivalent to 5.06 million kl of crude oil). Of this total, approxi- mately 90% was used in the Iron & Steel Business and approxi- mately 7% in the Aluminum & Copper Business.
Water Recycling (Kobe Steel)
Coexisting and Cooperating with Society
The KOBELCO Group aims to coexist and cooperate with society, from an environmental perspective as well. With the aim of preserving and maintaining CO2-absorbing forests for the environment, we have been implementing the KOBELCO GREEN PROJECT since fiscal 2013 as a Groupwide program for contributing to the environment. Our initiatives also include the KOBELCO Forest Fairy Tale Prize, which is designed to foster environmental awareness in children, forest development programs carried out by Group employees, and environmental education outreach to children’s centers.
Recycled water
1,171,710,000 m3 96.1%
Make-up water
1,219Mm3 * Excludes sea water used for cooling purposes
Evaporation
24,350,000 m3 2.0%
Discharged water
22,940,000 m3 1.9%
 Water used in fiscal 2019*
KOBELCO GREEN PROJECT
Forest Development Activities to Preserve and Promote
Biodiversity
The KOBELCO Group has established biodiversity guidelines and promotes biodiversity activities. Since 2011, employee volunteers have been engaging in forest development activities in two locations.
At the KOBELCO Forest in Miki City, we participate in the Corporate Forest Creation Project promoted by the Hyogoken Ryokka Suishin Kyokai (Hyogo Greening Promotion Association) and help with activities at the Hyogo Prefectural Mikiyama Forest Park to create more abundant forests.
At the ECOWAY Forest in Kobe’s Nada Ward, we participate in the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism’s Rokko Mountain Range Green Belt Development Project to help prevent landslide disasters, to preserve and nurture diversity in ecosystems and seeds, and to promote better urban environments and scenic views. These activities are carried out with guidance from the NPO
Island After-school Childcare Corner, Akibadai Children’s Center, and Tamatsu Children’s Center) and attended by 121 children.
Seventh KOBELCO Forest Fairy Tale Prize
The KOBELCO Group collects stories about forests from students in elementary, junior high, and senior high schools across Japan with the aim of raising a generation of children who will carry with them an appreciation for all the many blessings that forests have to offer. The winning stories are transformed into picture books with illustrations by professional picture book authors. Around 2,000 sets of the finished picture books were donated to elementary schools, junior high and senior high schools, special needs schools, and public libraries in jurisdictions supported by local governments.
The seventh annual award, held in fiscal 2019, garnered a total of 605 submissions. Satoyama no Jyusuya-san (“The Woodland Juice Shop”), written by Sorano Okawa (Elementary School Division), and Oishii Mori no Tsukurikata (“How to
Make a Delicious Forest”), written
by Harune Shakudo (Junior High
and Senior High School Division),
were selected as the grand prize
winners.
Winning stories for the seventh award
 47,290,000 m3 3.9%
  SOx Emissions (Includes domestic Group companies)
(1,000 Nm3)
NOx Emissions (Includes domestic Group companies)
(1,000 Nm3)
1,200 800 400 0
1,007 963
1,111
2019 (FY)
6,000 4,000 2,000
4,852 4,557 4,424
               2017
2018
0 2017 2018
2019 (FY)
Rokko Nature Learning with good balance between tall trees and undergrowth and a diverse mix of tree ages and varieties. By trimming trees, clearing out undergrowth, and planting new trees, we help preserve and promote biodiversity in forests.
the aim of developing forests with a
Forest maintenance activities
 By-products (Includes domestic Group companies)
 Iron & Steel Electric Power
Aluminum & Copper
Welding
Machinery
Others
92.0% 6.5%
0.9% 0.4% 0.1% 0.2%
Amount of by-products in fiscal 2019
 66 KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020
KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020 67
Recycling ratio*: 95.0%
Environmental Education Outreach to Children’s Centers
Kobe Steel is a member of the Kobe Children’s Eco Challenge 21 Club, sponsored by the city of Kobe. The club operates environ- mental education outreach programs to get children interested in the environment so that environmentally friendly activities will continue.
Since 2011, Kobe Steel has offered programs for learning about steel and electricity, the importance of the environment and electricity, and the conveniences provided by steel. In fiscal 2019, these learning programs were offered in three locations (Rokkou
Disclosure of Environmental Information
Communication with Local Communities
In order to gain the understanding of local residents in the area of Kakogawa Works and the Kobe Wire Rod & Bar Plant regarding its environmental preservation efforts, Kobe Steel held information sessions, which were attended by a total of 114 people.
* Recycling ratio = Amount recycled / Total amount of by-products
Note: As the percentages have been rounded off to their first decimal place,
they do not add up to the total.
Energy Use (Includes domestic Group companies)
Note: As the percentages have been rounded off to their first decimal place, they do not add up to the total.
For details on initiatives to reduce CO2 emissions, please see p. 60–63.
4.12
Mt
Judge’s Comments
We live surrounded by forests of all sizes. Forests are places to nurture life and protect it as seen in the process of the green trees grow- ing thick with leaves, their flowers blooming, and their fruits ripening. Forests bestow many blessings, not only on the birds and animals that live therein but also on us.
The KOBELCO Forest Fairy Tale Prize is a
contest that encourages children to craft fairy
tales based on the theme of forests while gain-
ing accurate knowledge about forests. It is
incredibly difficult to combine real-life knowledge about forests with fantastic imaginary stories to make a fairy tale. Nevertheless, we received numerous amazing works in this year’s contest. Thank you to everyone who joined the contest. I hope we will get many wonderful submissions next year as well.
 Moe Nagata
Chair of
the Judging Panel
 Iron & Steel 89.8%
Aluminum &
Copper 6.7%
Electric Power 2.2% Welding 0.6% Machinery 0.3% Others 0.5%
Total energy use in fiscal 2019
196
PJ
 (1 PJ = 1015 J)
Toll-free (within Japan) phone numbers have also been set up at Kakogawa Works and the Kobe Wire Rod & Bar Plant to answer environment-related questions. We will continue to value the opin- ions of people in local communities.

The KOBELCO Group’s Business Foundation
 Management and Development of Human Resources
To fulfill its social responsibilities as a company and further improve its corporate value, the KOBELCO Group believes it is important to develop personnel who can tackle social issues and respond to change. Equally important for the Group is enabling its diverse employees to utilize their individuality and expertise while being motivated and working with pride.
To foster employees in such ways, we are promoting diversity and engaging in other forward-looking initiatives, developing workplace environments and human resource systems based on the results of employee awareness surveys, and taking other steps to further strengthen the development of human resources.
Human Resource Development
Our Approach to Human Resource Development
We aim to have all employees share a diverse sense of values and to take pride and have enthusiasm in their daily work. To this end, we established the “Vision for Human Resources at Kobe Steel” (to the right).
For human resource development, Kobe Steel offers training programs that complement on-the-job training, the basis of employee education. We have created tiered training systems for managers, career-track employees, and general techni- cal and administrative employees, and we revise the contents of the training programs annually.
Kobe Steel also provides a full range of support for employee growth, as it is important that all employees have their own specific goals for professional develop- ment and to constantly progress to achieve them.
In response to the global COVID-19 pandemic, we began offering certain train- ing programs online at the end of fiscal 2019 to enable employees to continue learning even under emergency circumstances.
  Human Resource Systems and Training
Enhancement of Human Resource Capabilities
Sustainable Growth of the KOBELCO Group
“As employees, we will continually strive to establish trust in KOBELCO
on a global scale.”
Sincerity
People who seriously accept reality and act in good faith
      Human Resource Systems
    Human Resource Development
   Extension of retirement age to 65 Rotation of personnel across different fields Career change system
Dual career-track system Personnel recruitment system
New evaluation system Multifaceted evaluation surveys and feedback
On-the-job training Training programs Training for employees
in career-track technical positions Training for employees
in general technical positions
  Cooperation
People who express their own views while accepting the opin- ions of others and working in partnership with others
Innovation
People who are never satisfied, but constantly challenge themselves and strive to innovate
 Work Skill Qualification System
 Human Resource Systems
The basis for Kobe Steel’s human resource systems is the work skill qualification system. Under this system, employees are divided into employee categories, such as management, career-track, and general technical and administrative employees, based on their work fields and the training policies for them. Job grades are assigned to individual employees based on the extent to which they exercise the skills expected of their employee category. This system makes it possible to cultivate human resources over the medium to long term by offering employees a varied range of expe- rience and thereby contributes to improved employee motivation.
Career Change System
The employee category reallocation system allows ambitious, talented, and applicable employees to change their employee category (career-track or general technical/administrative position) as they desire.
Dual Career-Track System
Kobe Steel has introduced a dual career-track system for manag- ers. Under this system, managers are divided into the manage- ment group, which comprises organizational heads, and the professional group, which is for individuals expected to exercise their specialized skills in specified areas. Individuals belonging to both groups are evaluated and compensated based on the degree to which they have performed the duties expected of their roles.
Previously, managers were highly compensated based on their role in management. The dual career-track system was introduced in fiscal 2019 based on the recognition that winning out against intense competition as a manufacturer would require us to also reward employees that exhibited a high degree of specialty.
Work Skill Qualification System and Dual Career-Track Compensation System
TOPICS
New Evaluation System and Evaluator Training
In fiscal 2020, the Company revised its human resource evaluation system. In addition to enabling employees to demonstrate their performance and work capabilities, the revised system clarifies the degree of exercising the Core Values of KOBELCO and the imple- mentation of human resource development programs as areas for evaluation.
At the same time, an evaluator training program was instituted to allow managers to offer more constructive feedback in order to drive the improvement of employee skills and motivation.
Work-Style Reforms
The KOBELCO Group has taken a three-pronged approach to reforming work styles—comprising changes to work styles, changes to employment rules, and changes to work practices—in an effort to enhance its workplace environments.
During the two years of the first stage of this initiative, from fiscal 2016 to fiscal 2017, we targeted an increase in the number of days of paid leave taken by employees. In fiscal 2017, our target was to have employees take an average of 15 or more days of paid vaca- tion per year. We have achieved ongoing success in this regard, as indicated by the average of 17.0 days of paid leave taken by employees in fiscal 2019.
Over the three-year period from fiscal 2018 to fiscal 2020, posi- tioned as the second stage of this initiative, we aim to create 50 hours of allocable time per employee per year and to invigorate communication. To those ends, we are implementing workplace improvement activities, establishing meeting and email protocols, and promoting telecommuting. In addition, free dress codes have been instituted at our Kobe and Tokyo head offices, branch offices, and sales offices to foster more comfortable workplace cultures.
By advancing these initiatives, we aim to heighten employee motivation while invigorating the organization to create greater levels of value.
 Training for Technical Personnel
A forklift training facility has been constructed at the Group’s Kakogawa Technical Training Center, a training facility for technical personnel. The new facility, which commenced operation in June 2020, features an environment that enables trainees to concentrate on their training regardless of the weather, thereby contributing to expedited improvement in technical skills. We will continue to develop environments that allow employees to focus on acquiring technical skills with the aim of heightening the Group’s overall monozukuri capabilities.
    Management Group
Professional Group
  Empl
oyee
   category reallocation
    Career-track employees
General technical and administrative employees
 TOPICS
Change in Mandatory Retirement Age
As birthrates decline and populations age, it is becoming increasingly difficult to secure human resources. In response to this trend, Kobe Steel is preparing to change its mandatory retirement age from 60 to 65 in fiscal 2021 with the aim of improving the motivation of seasoned employees, heightening monozukuri capabilities, and fostering a sense of solidarity in the workplace.
The change in the mandatory retirement age will enable employees to work from the time they join the Company until they reach the age of 65 under the same employment condi- tions while allowing us to develop continuous compensation systems. In addition, human resource systems will be revised in conjunction with this change to create frameworks that reflect individual skills and success in compensation to an even greater degree to spark employees’ desire for career growth and raise their motivation.
Rotation of Human Resources across Different Fields
The Company began promoting the rotation of employees across business divisions, positions, and different fields in fiscal 2019. This move is aimed at improving the personnel fluidity of the organization, fostering human resources (enhancing human resource capabilities), and stepping up coordination.
Number of Days of Paid Leave Taken
(Days per employee per year)
18 17.0
Number of Days Worked Past 7 p.m.*
   14 10 0
14.9
2016
25.1
15.5
2017
16.3
30
25 24.9
20 15
(%)
27.3 26.6
2018 2019 (FY)
  11.8
2015
18.5
    TOPICS
2018
2019 (FY)
2015 2016 2017
* Ratio of working days past 7 p.m.
 68 KOBELCO Group
Integrated Report 2020
KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020 69
Promotion of Telecommuting
In response to the global COVID-19 pandemic, certain restric- tions for using our work-from-home system were relaxed in March 2020 to promote the use of telecommuting. Looking ahead, we plan to formulate new rules and guidelines to develop and establish work styles that effectively utilize telecommuting.
Management General

The KOBELCO Group’s Business Foundation
 Management and Development of Human Resources
Diversity
In promoting diversity, the KOBELCO Group strives to create work environments in which all employees respect diversity and are able to use their skills to the fullest, based on three approaches: employment continuation support, workplace improvement, and activity support.
Health and Safety
TOPICS
The KOBELCO Group is promoting diversity while enhancing its workplace environment to make greater use of diversity.
Diversity of Human Resources
• The KOBELCO Group’s base of human resources is grow- ing ever more diverse, with increasing numbers of female employees, non-Japanese employees, and employees with disabilities.
Occupational Safety and Health
Based on our Companywide Safety and Health Management Policy, each business location formulates its own safety and health management policy, safety and health performance targets, and safety and health activity plans and promotes improvements by implementing the PDCA (plan-do-check-act) cycle. The Safety and Health Management Policy applies not only to Kobe Steel but also to its subcontractors. We carry out activities through the joint efforts of the Company, Group companies, and subcontractors.
As a result, we have been able to reduce the number of acci- dents and maintain a low frequency rate of lost time injuries. We recognize that protecting the lives and health of our employees is the utmost priority in fulfilling our corporate social responsibilities.
The Health & Safety Department plays a central role in on-site confirmations and audits based on Occupational Safety and Health Management Systems (OSHMS) for all business locations, Group companies, and related cooperative companies. The department
Initiative Policies
• People and Corporate Culture
Cultivating human resources that can conduct risk prediction and confirm safety
• Facility and Work
Further promoting safety of facilities and work
• Management and Structure
Checking and following up on safety education and safety activities Strengthening and supporting safety and health activities at Group companies, including overseas Group companies
identifies weaknesses and provides cross-sectional support from the perspectives of personnel, facilities, and management, in an effort to improve the level of safety and health management.
Code of Conduct for Safety Based on the Core Values of KOBELCO
I shall follow workplace rules and be someone trusted by my coworkers and family.
I shall care for my coworkers and show respect to them.
I shall aim for higher levels of safety and well-being by improving workplace facilities and systems.
Key Objectives Accidents leading to death or serious injury (involving (FY2020) three or more people at the same time): Zero
We believe that health and safety are fundamental to management and take priority over all business activities. In accordance with this principle, we comply with all relevant laws and regulations and carry out various safety and health activities to create vibrant workplaces where employees can work in a safe and secure environment.
    Employment Continuation Support
• Extended leave for raising children (until they turn three years old)
• Consideration of flexible work hours for childcare (allow shorter work hours during elementary school age, etc.)
• Extension of caregiving leave (up to three years)
• Paid child and family care leave
• Complimentary points for child-rearing items in employee
cafeteria plan
• Reemployment system (reemployment within five years
after resigning due to spouse’s work relocation, childbirth,
or caregiving purposes)
• Career sabbatical program (up to three years in the case of
spouse’s work relocation)
Workplace Improvement
• Support for men to help with child-rearing
• Reduction of long working hours, encouragement of
employees to take more paid vacations, and other initia-
tives and collaborative efforts for work-style reforms
• Diversity training at all business locations to create pleas-
ant workplace environments
Activity Support
• Setting of numerical targets for hiring new graduates (30% for career-track administrative positions, 10% for career- track technical positions, and 10% for general technical positions)
• Networking events for female employees and non- Japanese employees
• Mentor system for female employees and non-Japanese employees
• Management training for managers of female employees and non-Japanese employees
    (Persons)
1,200 1,000 800
600 540 400
200
0
2010
887
2017
979 1,032
(%)
3.0 2.5 2.0 1.5 1.0
         645
2011
670
2012
695
2013
728 743
2014 2015
793
2016
85 0.5
0.0 2019 (FY)
Lost time injury frequency rate (LTIFR): 0.10 or less
        21
23
30
34
40
57
60
70
69
 Number of female employees Ratio of female managers
Number of non-Japanese employees Employment rate of people with disabilities
1.80
1.20 0.89
0.25
2018
Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate*
2.0 1.5 1.0 0.5
  Diversity Initiatives and Results
Initiatives
• Diversity training at all business locations: The Group has
been conducting training at all business locations to improve communication within the organization by dispelling gender biases and increasing understanding with regard to the differ- ences between age groups, employee categories, and perspectives.
• Cross-cultural communication training: Training is provided for non-Japanese employees and their managers to teach both parties about the other’s culture and thereby foster mutual understanding.
Results
These initiatives have resulted in yearly increases in the number of items on employee awareness surveys with regard to gender bias, the ability to consult with supervisors or colleagues, and other items pertaining to communication and teamwork. These increases are indicative of the cultivation of a corporate culture that capital- izes on the individuality and values of diverse human resources.
0
2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019(FY)
All industries Manufacturing industry Steel industry Kobe Steel
* Lost time injury frequency rate (LTIFR) =
Number of injuries requiring absence from work × 1,000,000
Number of total hours worked
Injuries requiring absence from work: Injuries that result in at least one day of missed work
       Respect for Human Rights
One of the Core Values of KOBELCO is “We value each employee and support his and her growth on an individual basis, while creat- ing a cooperative and harmonious environment.” In addition, one of the Six Pledges of KOBELCO Men and Women is “Establishing a comfortable but challenging work environment.” These principles indicate our commitment to becoming a corporate group in which everyone can feel empowered in their work.
Steps to accomplish this goal thus far have included the estab- lishment of consultation helplines and annual human rights training. Seeking to further clarify our stance toward fulfilling the important responsibility of respecting human rights, we established the Kobe Steel Group’s Basic Policy on Human Rights in October 2019.
Workplace posters highlighting this policy were created to raise awareness and entrench understanding of this policy throughout the organization.
Going forward, we will continue to advance initiatives for ensuring human rights are respected based on the International Bill of Human Rights and other international standards.
Workplace poster
We aim to create comfortable work environments where employees can maintain and improve their mental and physical well-being.
Mental Healthcare Activities
All of our business locations have consultation offices staffed by industrial counselors.
Efforts are made to create more comfortable workplace environ- ments with consideration paid to work engagement based on the results of organization-wide stress checks.
Augmenting Health Checkups
(Cooperation with health insurance association)
Blood tests are given at certain ages (20, 25, and 30 years old) when undergoing periodic health checkups.
Employees aged 35 and older receive regular blood tests and endoscopic checkups (stomach camera), and all employees found to be infected with Helicobacter pylori bacteria are treated. Employees reaching 50 years of age receive full compensation for optional checkups at health screening clinics (tumor mark- ers, breast cancer checkups, brain disease checkups, etc.) (KOBELCO Medical Check 50). In addition, employees of at least 50 years of age and their dependents are partially com- pensated for medical costs (Spouse Health Check 50).
Activities to Help Employees Maintain and Improve Their Health
Health challenges: Employees who achieve their health goals, such as for exercising, quitting smoking, and losing weight, over a certain period of time will receive gifts.
Health classes: A qualified health and exercise instructor provides guidance on stretching, relaxation, and office yoga.
Inclusion in Health & Productivity Stock Selection and
Certified Health & Productivity Management
Organization Recognition Program—White 500
The Company was approved for inclusion in the Health & Productivity Stock Selection organized by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry and the Tokyo
Stock Exchange for three consecutive
years, since first being included in fiscal 2015. In addition, we were selected for inclusion in the Certified Health & Productivity Management Organization Recognition Program in both fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2020.
Initiatives to Help Employees Maintain and Improve Their Health
  The Kobe Steel Group’s Basic Policy on Human Rights
https://www.kobelco.co.jp/english/about_kobelco/csr/files/ policy_en.pdf
 70 KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020
KOBELCO Group
Integrated Report 2020 71

The KOBELCO Group’s Business Foundation
 Communication with Stakeholders
The KOBELCO Group engages in proactive communication with stakeholders. We are earnestly listening to our stake- holders through engagement activities targeting shareholders and other investors and surveys of customers and business partners. In addition, we recognize that improving management transparency is a top management priority, and we are engaging in timely, appropriate, and extensive disclosure accordingly.
We also carry out various activities that contribute to local communities. Our efforts range from contribution to society through sports to initiatives undertaken by respective business locations, which include environmental activities, regional development, and community interaction centered on supporting the next generation of athletes.
Tag Rugby Workshops
The Kobe Steel Rugby Club aims to communicate the joy of rugby by providing children with opportunities to become more familiar with sports through activities that promote community and social interaction and popularize sports via rugby. As a part of these activities, the Kobe Steel Rugby Club has coordinated with the Kobe City Board of Education since fiscal 2015 to conduct tag rugby workshops for elementary school children in Kobe. In fiscal 2019, we visited 10 elementary schools and one junior high school and provided around 1,200 students with the opportunity to enjoy playing tag rugby.
Social Contributions in Japan and Overseas
Nadahama Science Square (Hyogo Prefecture)
• Classes on Nature Held to Familiarize Students with Nature and Science
Nadahama Science Square, a community exchange facility oper- ated by the KOBELCO Group, holds biotope walks, nature craft classes, and other classes on nature for children with a view to fostering an appreciation of the importance of the environment through contact with nearby natural areas. We have been conduct- ing these classes for 16 years, since the opening of the Nadahama Science Square in 2004. In fiscal 2019, around 1,400 people par- ticipated in the classes.
Furthermore, we conduct facility tours of the Kobe Power Plant and Kobe Works and offer other opportunities for members of local communities to learn about the environment.
Kobelco Construction Machinery Co., Ltd.
(Gifu, Hyogo, Hiroshima)
• Dispatch Science Classes at Schools
Each year, Kobelco Construction Machinery arranges science classes in which employees are dispatched to schools. First started by the Hiroshima Factory in fiscal 2010, these classes are aimed at addressing the issue of children losing interest in science.
In fiscal 2019, the Ogaki Office and the Okubo Office held dis- patch science classes for the first time. The Ogaki Office arranged a class that gave children the opportunity to experience making and programming safety sensor mechanisms used in cranes. Meanwhile, the class led by the Okubo Office used miniature excavator replicas to explain the movement of levers. Students expressed positive opinions for these classes and how they were able to have fun while learning. We therefore intend to continue these activities.
   Shareholder and Investor Engagement
Institutional Investors
• Financial results briefings (held four times a year)
• Theme-based briefings (May 2019)
• Small meetings with the President (June 2019)
• Plant tours (April 2019)
• Meetings with institutional investors (held about 120 times a year)
• Discussions with institutional investors (representatives responsible for ESG and the exercise of voting rights) and advisors on the exercise of voting rights (held about 20 times a year)
• Individual meetings with overseas investors (held several times a year)
• Integrated Report (issued annually)
Customers and Business Partners
The KOBELCO Group conducts customer surveys with questions covering a wide range of subjects, including product quality, ser- vices, and delivery periods, as part of its efforts to improve product and service quality. We earnestly accept the results of these surveys, and we use this feedback to improve our products and services.
Community Members
Contributions to Society through Sports
“SDGs Match” by Kobelco Steelers
The Kobe Steel Rugby Club, the Kobelco Steelers, invited 10 people with visual impairments to its match with the NTT Docomo Red Hurricanes as part of the Japan Rugby Top League. Held on February 2, 2020, this match was dubbed an “SDGs Match” dedi- cated to the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals.
The invited guests were able to enjoy the unique atmosphere of a rugby game by listening to the dynamic clashes between players and the cheers in the stadium as well as to commentary and expla- nations transmitted through audio receivers supplied thanks to the support of ABC Radio and NTT DOCOMO, INC.
After the match, guests were greeted by players from both teams. After touching the hands of the athletes, many guests expressed surprise at the size and strength of their hands.
Prior to the match, we ran a promotional booth together with the Hyogo Guide Dogs for the Blind Association to promote guide
Individual Investors
Briefings for individual investors (November 2019)
Plant tours for shareholders (November 2019)
Issuance of shareholder newsletter “To Our Shareholders” (twice a year)
Disclosure of information on our website
Information for shareholders and other investors
https://www.kobelco.co.jp/english/ir/index.html
Employees
We are implementing the Next 100 Project in which the President and other members of management visit business locations in Japan and overseas to speak with employees. In addition, employee awareness surveys are conducted to develop an under- standing of current conditions and issues with regard to employ- ees’ feelings toward their work and their company as well as the state of organizations.
dog awareness. Offering the opportunity to interact with special public relations dogs, as well as a campaign drive by athletes, this booth attracted a wide range of visitors, including many young children.
The Kobe Steel Rugby Club will continue to take part in such social contribution activities.
• • •
•
Kobe Precision Technology Sdn. Bhd. (Malaysia)
• Career Support for Students and Mangrove Planting
Kobe Precision Technology accepts students for internship pro- grams and makes donations to special support schools. It also conducts mangrove planting activities.
Thai-Kobe Welding Co., Ltd. (Thailand)
• Participation in Mangrove Restoration Project
Thai-Kobe Welding has been participating in a mangrove restoration project jointly with Kobe MIG Wire (Thailand) Co., Ltd., since 2016.
        72 KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020
KOBELCO Group
Integrated Report 2020 73

The KOBELCO Group’s Business Foundation
 Initiatives in Response to the Novel Coronavirus Pandemic
We offer our heartfelt prayers for the quick conclusion of the novel coronavirus pandemic, and we are sincerely thankful for the many people, including healthcare professionals, who are at the forefront of the fight against COVID-19.
The KOBELCO Group’s basic policy and initiatives for responding to the COVID-19 pandemic are as follows, and the Group will continue to carry out initiatives in response to a situation that changes from day to day.
Risk Management
 Risk Management Activities
In accordance with Risk Management Regulations, risk manage- ment activities identify factors that obstruct the sustainable devel- opment and the improvement of the corporate value of the KOBELCO Group, and we take measures accordingly against them. In terms of the scope of Companywide risk management, Top Risks and Significant Risks are defined as risks that would require a Groupwide action and that have a major impact on the Group and its stakeholders. Under this framework, the President is the person ultimately responsible for the Group's overall risk man- agement, and the Director in charge of the Corporate Planning Department is the person responsible for overseeing risk manage- ment across the Group. Meanwhile, individual risks are managed by the relevant Directors in charge (the Risk Owners) as the persons responsible for Groupwide management activities, and the counter- measures to these risks are executed by the heads of businesses and the Directors in charge of the head offices to establish a risk management system that encompasses the entire organization.
The Company applies an annual PDCA cycle to manage indi- vidual risks. Under the instruction of the Risk Owners, the heads of the businesses and the Directors in charge of the head offices who are the individuals responsible for risk countermeasures in each organization, identify and assess the risks faced in business activities, incorporating this information into annual risk management plans (Plan). Next, organizations implement these plans (Do) and evalu- ate the results together with the Risk Owners (Check). The areas requiring improvement identified through these evaluations are reflected in the risk management plan for the following year (Act).
To ensure the effectiveness of risk management activities, the Board of Directors manages and supervises these activities, and confirms the annual activity results of organizations. This process is actively adopted at Group companies.
Business and other risks that may impact Kobe Steel and have the potential to influ- ence investor decisions are described in the Company’s annual securities report (Japanese only).
To the right is a list of the risks described in the annual securities report for fiscal 2019.
Types and Definitions of Risk
Type of Risk
Business Risks
Framework
      Basic Policy
1. We place the highest priority on the safety and health of all stakeholders in Japan and overseas, including customers, business
partners, community members, employees of the KOBELCO Group, others working on Company premises, and their respective
families.
2. In order to fulfill our social responsibility, we continue to provide the products and services necessary to maintain social infrastructure
while carrying out thorough preventive measures against infection.
3. We implement timely and appropriate information disclosure to fulfill our accountability to stakeholders.
   Board of Directors
Executive responsible for overseeing risk manage- ment across the Group (Senior Managing Executive Officer in charge of Corporate Planning Dept.)
  Measures to Prevent Infection (As of August 31, 2020)
1. Commuting
Employees will continue to work at home on the condi- tion that the necessary coordination and arrangements have been made without having any detrimental effect on business operations.
Social Contribution Activities
1. Open COVID-19 Declaration
Kobe Steel has joined the IP Open Access Declaration Against COVID-19 to support measures to contain the COVID-19 pan- demic. In accordance with the intent of the declaration, Kobe Steel declares that it will not assert any intellectual property rights with respect to activities implemented solely for the pur- pose of stopping the spread of COVID-19.
TOPICS
KENIFINETM Multi-function Antibacterial Coating Technology
2. Business trips
Business trips in Japan:
Trips using airplanes and bullet trains are prohibited, in principle.
Business trips from Japan to other countries:
Business trips from Japan to other countries are prohib- ited, in principle.
3. Health management
Employees who need to go to the Company must wear masks at all times and wash their hands and gargle frequently.
Employees are urged to avoid closed spaces, crowded places, and close-contact settings, and to maintain social distancing.
2. Supporting Healthcare Field
Kobe Steel has donated medical supplies to support the healthcare field in its fight against COVID-19.
Definition
Risks identified by departments and companies that are not Top Risks or Significant Risks
Direction of risk management activities for individual Top Risks and Significant Risks for which they are responsible
Establishment of Risk Management Plans
• Establish management plans for
individual risks
• Formulate risk measures based
on management plans
 Executive ultimately responsible for the Group's overall risk management (President & CEO)
 Risk Owners (Executive Officers in charge)
 Chief executor of risk management (Heads of businesses, Director in charge of Head Office)
 Risk management executor (Internal departments, Group companies)
  Identification of Risks
• Identify risks requiring response based on operating environment changes and examples of risk materialization inside and outside the Company
• Select risks to be managed based on potential level of impact
    The KOBELCO Group’s Risk Management Cycle
  Review and Improvement
• Review activities and
pursue improvements
Inspection of Results
• Monitor progress of measures
Implementation of Measures against Risks
• Implement measures against risks • Respond swiftly and minimize
impact on business activities if risk materializes
   1. Changes in Operating Environment
 2. Factors with Potential to Materially Impact Group Management
         KENIFINETM is a proprietary special nickel alloy coating technology developed in 2001 in response to an incident of large-scale food poisoning caused by Escherichia coli O157:H7. This technology exhibits an antibacterial effect that is 10 times stronger than conventional antibacterial stainless steel or tile and an antifungal effect that is 50 times stronger than pure silver or pure copper sheets. It can also be used in dark environments, making it effective at limiting sliminess in plumbing.
KENIFINETM has been confirmed by Iwate University’s Faculty of Agriculture for its suppression effect on the severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) virus that spread centered on Hong Kong in 2003 as well as a similar type of coronavirus. Currently, the effectiveness of KENIFINETM at suppressing COVID-19 is being verified by a third-party institution.
KENIFINETM is used for coating and anodizing handrails and door handles as well as for various other applications, such as being rubbed into tatami mats in a powdered form, applied to elevator buttons in sticker form, and mixed with paint to be applied to walls and floors.
With this technology, Kobe Steel hopes to help people live safer, more secure, and more fulfilling lives during and after the COVID-19 pandemic.
1) Economic trends in major markets
2) Product supply and demand conditions
3) Fluctuations in prices of raw materials, etc.
1) Occupational accidents, equipment accidents, etc.
2) Natural disasters, pandemics, wars, and acts of terrorism 3) Quality-related risks
4) Impact of environmental regulations, etc.
5) Legal and public regulations
6) Litigation risks
7) Human rights-related risks
8) Financial risks
9) Factors affecting progress of current medium-term
management plan
10) Protection of intellectual property rights and violations of
rights of third parties
11) Information management issues and information leaks
         74 KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020
KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020 75
Of Significant Risks, risks that are likely to Top Risks have a rather large impact if they materialize
Significant Risks
Risks that have a major impact on the Group and its stakeholders

The KOBELCO Group’s Business Foundation
Progress of Measures to Prevent Recurrence of the Quality Misconduct
As part of measures to prevent a recurrence of the quality misconduct, in April 2018 the KOBELCO Group launched the Project for Restoring Trust, led by President Yamaguchi. The Group formed various subcommittees and task forces to implement preventive measures and is currently implementing concrete measures.
Established to monitor the progress of the Company’s preventive measures, the Independent Quality Supervision Committee concluded its activities upon submission of a final opinion in March 2019. These activities have been assumed by the newly established Quality Management Committee.
By maintaining its “quality first” commitment, the Group will continue its efforts to prevent a recurrence of the quality misconduct.
For more details, please see “Our response to the misconduct.”
https://www.kobelco.co.jp/english/progress/index.html
For details on the final opinion, please see “Notice on the Receipt of the Final Opinion of the Independent Quality Supervision Committee on the Progress of the Preventive Measures,” announced on March 29, 2019.
https://www.kobelco.co.jp/english/releases/1201033_15581.html
7) Understanding of Issues Occurring at Worksites Employee and compliance awareness surveys are being implemented on an ongoing basis.
Activities for detecting issues at worksites through the Quality Caravan Team included visits to 60 locations in fis- cal 2019. A total of 110 locations will be visited over the two years beginning in fiscal 2019. We plan to conduct surveys investigating issues pertaining to quality assur- ance and tracking and improving process capabilities.
8) Establishment of the Quality Charter (February 2018) 9) Revision of the Quality Assurance System
10) Restructuring of Management Indicators
We have established management indicators with the aim of realizing the commitments stated in the Report on Misconduct in Kobe Steel Group, issued on March 6, 2018, by reforming management approaches that overemphasize profitability and realizing the sustainable enhancement of corporate value. Since April 2019, we have been steadily introducing the use of these management indicators with a
view to conducting business management that takes into account goals and indicators that enables the internal con- trol system to function throughout the organization, the early detection of risks, and the implementation of appropriate measures.
     Economics
p. 34
Customer Satisfaction
p. 72
Use of Seven Management Indicators
Quality Stability
p. 78
Employee Awareness
    Until FY2018
FY2019 FY2020
Next 100 Project Continue dialogues with President and Dialogue Platforms at department level
Strengthen governance at Group companies
Reorganize Iron & Steel Business and Aluminum & Copper Business
ent Department, etc. Establish and start using seven management indicators, including ROIC
Automate testing and inspection equipment and visualize process capabilities, etc.
2 Management—Ensuring Quality Management
        Framework for Implementing Preventive Measures
Project for Restoring Trust
Monitoring
1 Governance—Building Quality Governance System
Outline of Quality Management Committee
1) Measures for Quality Management
The Quality Management Committee was established in April 2019. This committee met four times in fiscal 2019 and is scheduled to meet around four times in fiscal 2020.
p. 78
2) Rotation and Development of Quality Assurance Personnel
We reviewed and systematized our quality education pro- grams. In July 2019, we held the Quality Exchange Meeting with personnel in charge of quality assurance at affiliates in China.
3) In-House Education Programs Regarding Quality 4) Support by the Head Offices
The Quality Audit Section of the Quality Management Department conducts quality audits at all target locations. The section conducted quality audits at 81 locations in fiscal 2019 and will continue to conduct quality audits in fiscal 2020 and beyond.
 Established Purpose
Members
April 2019 (as an advisory body to the Board of Directors)
1 Monitor and advise on activities to strengthen quality management throughout the KOBELCO Group
2 Continuously monitor measures to prevent a recurrence of the quality misconduct
Three external experts, two internal executives (an external expert chairs the committee)
3 Process—Strengthening Quality Control Processes
     1) Elimination of Opportunities for Mishandling Test/ Inspection Data
With respect to ongoing efforts to automate test and inspection devices, we had completed the automation of approximately 60% as of April 2020. We plan to complete the automation of 100% of devices by the end of fiscal 2020.
2) Understanding of Process Capabilities and Their Utilization (with respect to materials businesses) We are promoting the visualization of inspection data through graphs and indexing to better understand the levels of inconsistency in the quality of our manufactur- ing processes relative to required specifications.
3) Review of the Approval Process for Accepting New Purchase Orders
4) Review of the Approval Process When Changing the Manufacturing Process
5) Promotion of Quality Risk Assessment in Capital Investments
       1) Penetration of the Group’s Corporate Philosophy p. 10 The new Group Corporate Philosophy was established in May 2020. p. 3
2) Desirable State of the Board of Directors p. 86
3) Restructuring of the Risk Management System
Measures for strengthening Groupwide risk management are currently underway. p. 75
4) Restructuring of Business Divisions
The Iron & Steel Business and the Aluminum & Copper Business were reorganized in April 2020 to form the Steel & Aluminum Business and the Advanced Materials Business.
5) Restructuring of Group Companies
A reorganization is underway to strengthen Group gover- nance and reinforce businesses.
6) Rotation of Personnel between Divisions
76 KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020
KOBELCO Group
Integrated Report 2020 77
Legal & Contractual Compliance p. 80
  1 Penetration of the Group’s Corporate Philosophy
2 Desirable state of the Board of Directors
3 Restructuring of the risk management system
4 Reforming of insular nature of organizations
5 Restructuring of quality assurance system
6 Restructuring of management indicators
 Management
Continue quality audits and Quality Carava
nTeam
Environmental Management
p. 57
p. 11 p. 71
 Continue review of structure, including composition of Board of Directors
Rotate personnel among business division
s
Create Quality Charter, invite outside quality senior executive, set up Quality Managem
Reflecting indicators in measures and using them to change the management team’s mindset
Safety
   Governance Subcommittee
   President & CEO
Quality Subcommittee
  Quality Management Committee
Process
Subcommittee for Restoring Customers’ Trust
    Quality Management Department
  Governance
Board of Directors

The KOBELCO Group’s Business Foundation
Quality
The KOBELCO Group is undertaking initiatives to strengthen quality manage- ment and improve the quality management process in line with its foremost pri- ority of advancing measures to prevent recurrence of the quality misconduct.
While striving to instill the Quality Charter of the Six Pledges of KOBELCO Men and Women in all employees, from the standpoint of customers and busi- ness partners, the Company aims to deliver quality that is trusted by and satis- fies the expectations of its customers and all other stakeholders.
Audits by the Quality Audit Section of the Quality Management Department
    Audit Item
  Schedule
     Quality Management Committee
The Quality Management Committee, which comprises three exter- nal experts and two internal directors, was established in April 2019 as an advisory body to the Board of Directors. The committee constantly monitors the progress of measures to prevent recur- rence of the quality misconduct in the Group and of activities to
Companywide Quality Management Review Meeting
In December 2019, Kobe Steel held its first Companywide Quality Management Review Meeting for senior management, business division heads, and quality assurance managers. At this meeting, the participants reviewed the progress of measures to prevent
strengthen quality management across the Group and provides advice regarding these activities. In fiscal 2019, this committee met a total of four times, at the Tokyo Head Office and at manufacturing sites. The committee is scheduled to meet around four times in fiscal 2020.
recurrence of the quality misconduct and other quality-related activities and discussed future measures to form consensus. We plan to hold another such meeting in fiscal 2020.
• Audit comparing actual inspection data of products with relevant legal and customer specification requirements
• Review of treatment status of suspended or nonconforming products
• Review of how the applicable laws, regulations, and customer specifications related to quality are identified and which department or section is in charge
• Assess consistency between instructions given to manufacturing divisions and how they are actually implemented
• Assess, through interviews, the level of awareness of top management and employees in terms of preventing misconduct
• Check whether training on quality compliance is properly provided
• Business locations where misconduct was identified: Review the progress status and effectiveness of implementation of the preventive measures
• Business locations where no misconduct was identified: Review the progress status and effectiveness of risk countermeasures recommended by the quality audits
On-site audits at all 117 locations, which were subject to quality audits, completed in fiscal 2018; on-site audits at 81 sites completed in fiscal 2019; and on-site audits at 62 sites planned in fiscal 2020 despite the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic
Rotation and Development of Quality Assurance Personnel / In-House Education Programs on Quality
Elimination of Improper Handling Opportunities in Tests/Inspections and Unification of Shipping Standards
Automation of Test/Inspection Recording and Elimination of Manual Data Entry by Individuals
As of April 30, 2020, only about 60% of the automation plan for the period spanning fiscal 2018 to fiscal 2020 had been com- pleted following delays to system launches and the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic in fiscal 2019. However, construction in general is steadily advancing on schedule, and we expect to complete 100% of the plan by March 31, 2021.
We are continuing to conduct extra measures, such as the con- firmation of work logs and the double-check process for tests and inspections not yet automated.
Adjustment of the Shipping Standards
We are in the process of eliminating opportunities for any improper conduct caused by the existence of double standards
(customer specifications and internal standards).
>>Under the new rules, customer specifications are used as the default standard for shipment approval in lieu of Kobe Steel’s internal standards. (Internal standards are used for
the objective of stabilizing quality management.)
Monitoring and Utilization of Process Capabilities (in materials businesses)
Application and Utilization of Process Capability Index
Monitoring the Process Capability Index:
Understand how quality properties deviate from the required stan- dards in manufacturing processes for each category (i.e., produc- tion lines, product types, tests/inspections, and customers).
Utilizing the Process Capability Index:
The degree of deviation found in the quality properties of manu- facturing processes will be used for deciding whether to accept or reject orders.
Rotation and Development of Quality Assurance Personnel
Rotation of Quality Assurance Personnel
As the first step for our new personnel rotation practices encom- passing Kobe Steel’s head offices, business divisions and loca- tions, and Group companies, the Company relocated staff from the Quality Management Department to each business division effective May 2019. These practices are ongoing.
Development of Quality Assurance Personnel
In fiscal 2018, we defined the skills required for quality assurance staff throughout the Company, established evaluation frameworks for related skill levels, and systematized quality-related education, including specifying qualifications. The applicability of these frame- works was expanded to include non-quality assurance staff in fis- cal 2019, and we have since been revising and systematizing general and quality education programs from the perspective of human resource development and reflecting the results in training and education programs.
Also in fiscal 2019, we held the Quality Exchange Meeting for personnel in charge of quality assurance at affiliates in China, and we began exchanging information related to quality education and
Quality Control Circle Activities
We proactively promote on-site quality control circle activities. In particular, we hold the KOBELCO Quality Control Circle Conference once a year to promote cross-functional information sharing and education on a Groupwide basis to improve the level of activities. As the basis for its manufacturing capabilities, the KOBELCO Group considers 5S* activities to be of utmost importance and is working to strengthen such activities at all manufacturing workplaces.
the initiatives of specific companies based on themes that will be selected for each fiscal year.
As for quality risk management and preventive measures in fis- cal 2019, we launched a training program on failure mode and effects analysis (FMEA), fault tree analysis (FTA), and design review (DR). In fiscal 2020, we plan to deploy training programs designed to promote total quality management activities.
In-House Education Programs on Quality
In fiscal 2018, line managers (about 600 people) at Kobe Steel and domestic Group companies received quality and compli- ance training. This training is also being developed for overseas Group companies.
A “Quality” page was opened on the KOBELCO Group’s intranet in September 2018, on which progress reports on the Project for Restoring Trust are shared periodically.
Education on quality is offered via e-learning each year, and relevant information is circulated via internal newsletters.
A video message from the Director in charge of quality is pro- duced and shown to employees of Kobe Steel and domestic and overseas Group companies during Quality Month each November.
Review of Approval Process / Promotion of Quality Risk Assessment
i) Review of compliance status (audit focused on actual data/records)
ii) Review of quality manage- ment systems from the perspective of preventing misconduct
iii) Assessment of compliance awareness
iv) Review of progress and implementation status of preventive measures
Quality Caravan Team
The Quality Caravan Team comprises Head Office departments, such as the MONODZUKURI (Production System Innovation) Planning and Promotion Department, the IT Planning Department, and the Technical Development Group, and is tasked to provide consultation to business divisions on issues faced.
    Elimination of Improper Handling Opportunities and Unification of Shipping Standards / Monitoring and Utilization of Process Capabilities
The team visited 60 locations in fiscal 2019 and proposed solu- tions to various challenges and issues.
The team will continue its activities in fiscal 2020, aiming to fol- low up on existing inquiries and identify new issues, such as the visualization/improvement of process capabilities, through efforts to help each business location overcome various challenges.
     78 KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020
KOBELCO Group
Integrated Report 2020 79
* 5S stands for seiri (sort, classify), seiton (set in order, straighten up), seiso (shine, clean), seiketsu (stan- dardize cleanups), and shitsuke (sustain discipline). 5S activities stress the importance of improving the work environment on the manufacturing floor.
Review of Approval Processes for New Orders
and Changes in Manufacturing Process
Review of Approval Process for New Orders
In addition to tracking process capabilities for each product, we have completed the adoption and restructuring of DR (design review as defined by the JIS and ISO 9000), and have promoted its implementation.
Review of Approval Process for Changes in Manufacturing Process
We will prevent potential defects by assessing beforehand the effect on quality when the 4Ms (man, machine, material, method)
are changed and ensuring conformity with customer specifications. Specifically, we will assess risks and clarify the authorization process when changing the 4Ms in the manufacturing process.
Promotion of Quality Risk Assessment in Capital Investments
Some plants and offices have begun considering quality-related capital investment by evaluating quality risks from quantitative factors, such as impact, frequency, and detection rate. The Company started utilizing the quality assessments in decisions for key capital investments in fiscal 2019.
Quality Charter
The KOBELCO Group will comply with all laws, public standards, and customer specifications, and make continuous efforts to improve quality, with the goal of providing Trusted Quality in our products and services.
 KOBELCO QC Circle Conference

The KOBELCO Group’s Business Foundation
Compliance
The KOBELCO Group believes that the essence of compliance is to meet the expectations of society. Meeting society’s expectations in regard to compliance with laws and social norms is a prerequisite to maintain trust in the Group as well as to continue to take on the challenge to resolve social issues. Based on this understanding, we have positioned compliance as a top management priority. We are developing systems and implementing initiatives outlined below to ensure rigorous compliance accordingly.
Status of Compliance Activities
• Messages illustrating management’s proactive stance toward compliance are distributed internally and exter- nally. In addition, the KOBELCO Group’s Anti-Bribery Policy has been made available for viewing on the Company’s corporate website.
• Compliance risks associated with the Group’s business and organization are analyzed and assessed regularly based on internal and external trends. Risks pertaining to fair competition laws, anti-bribery, and trade security management have been identified as Top Risks for the Group, and related compliance systems have been established.
• The necessary compliance rules and procedures are being developed at domestic and overseas Group companies centered on fair competition laws, anti-bribery, and other Top Risks.
• Domestic and overseas Group companies are requested to appoint compliance representatives to enhance compliance promotion systems.
• The Company and domestic and overseas Group companies continuously conduct stratified compliance train- ing as well as group training and e-learning programs on fair competition laws, anti-bribery laws, and other specific laws.
• Awareness regarding the internal reporting system is promoted on an ongoing basis through the distribution of cards and posters, the intranet, and Group newsletters.
• The Company and domestic and overseas Group companies conduct ongoing monitoring and auditing pertaining to fair competition laws, anti-bribery, and trade security management.
• Systems are put in place to ensure that all domestic and overseas Group employees can use the internal reporting system, and frameworks are being developed to ensure the swift discovery and remediation of compliance issues.
[Number of reports received via the internal reporting system in fiscal 2019: 119 (including domestic and overseas Group companies)]
• The Company has been conducting the Compliance Awareness Survey targeted at employees of the Company and of domestic Group companies.
• The Company has been reviewing activities conducted under the KOBELCO Group's Compliance Program based on internal and external trends and the results of the Compliance Awareness Survey.
For more information on the Group’s compliance activities, please refer to the Company’s corporate website.
https://www.kobelco.co.jp/english/about_kobelco/kobesteel/ethics-compliance/index.html
Compliance Top Seminar about domestic and overseas bribery risks, launched in October 2019 and attended by 185 members of management across the KOBELCO Group
    Risk Assessment and Commitment
   Compliance Code and Standards
The KOBELCO Group established the Corporate Code of Ethics, a concrete code of conduct for ensuring legal compliance, in June 2000. This code sets standards to be observed by all Group com- panies, directors, and employees to ensure good corporate citi- zenship through compliance with laws and social norms and contributions to society and through the provision of superior products and services while exercising environmental mindfulness. The code continues to be revised as necessary based on changes in the business environment. Today, we are guided by a new Group
Compliance Committee
The Compliance Committee has been established as an advisory body to the Board of Directors. This committee comprises the President, two other internal members, and five external members, constituting a majority to provide a fair and impartial position, with
Compliance Program
Compliance activity plans are implemented based on the KOBELCO Group’s Compliance Program. The Compliance Management Department serves as the dedicated organization for carrying out the program in coordination with business divisions and Group companies under the supervision of the Director overseeing Companywide compliance and the Executive Officer in charge of
Corporate Philosophy that integrated new statements consisting of KOBELCO’s View of the Future and KOBELCO’s Mission in May 2020. With this philosophy as our compass, we are pursuing sus- tainable growth based on our compliance standards: the Core Values of KOBELCO, which represent our commitments to society and the shared values of the Group, and the Six Pledges of KOBELCO Men and Women, a code of conduct for all Group members based on the corporate ethics standards contained in the Corporate Code of Ethics.
one of the external members serving as the Committee Chair. The committee drafts plans for Groupwide compliance activities, con- firms the progress of these plans, and implements the necessary revisions and improvements.
Companywide compliance. The progress of the compliance activi- ties of Group companies is assessed in the following five areas. These activities are implemented based on the characteristics of the respective business and region to reinforce initiatives for more effective and comprehensive compliance activities throughout the Group.
Setting Rules and Procedures and Securing Resources
  Training and Communication
  Monitoring and Response to Reports
    Review and Improvement
      80 KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020
KOBELCO Group
Integrated Report 2020 81
The KOBELCO Group’s Compliance Program
Establishment of new system for reporting to Audit & Supervisory Committee
To more thoroughly implement compliance management, the Company established a new internal reporting system in July 2020 that can be used to report to the Audit & Supervisory Committee. This system is independent from management.
 Risk Assessment and Commitment
 Setting Rules and Procedures and Securing Resources
 Training and Communication
 Monitoring and Response to Reports
 Review and Improvement

The KOBELCO Group’s Business Foundation
Directors (Including Audit & Supervisory Committee Members)
         1234 5678
         President, CEO and Representative Director
Mitsugu Yamaguchi 1 Number of
Company shares owned: 39,200
Executive Vice President and Representative Director
Fusaki Koshiishi 2 Number of
Company shares owned: 34,400
Executive Vice President and Representative Director
Koichiro Shibata 3 Number of
Company shares owned: 31,400
Executive Vice President and Representative Director
Makoto Mizuguchi 4 Number of
Company shares owned: 33,300
Executive Vice President and Representative Director
Kazuto Morisaki 5 Number of
Company shares owned: 25,900
Director,
Senior Managing Executive Officer
Jiro Kitagawa 6 Number of
Company shares owned: 26,000
Director,
Senior Managing Executive Officer
Yoshihiko Katsukawa 7 Number of
Company shares owned: 21,100
Director,
Senior Managing Executive Officer
Hajime Nagara 8 Number of
Company shares owned: 19,800
        Apr. 1981 Apr. 2011 Apr. 2013 Apr. 2015 Jun. 2016
Apr. 2017 Apr. 2018
Joined the Company Officer
Senior Officer
Executive Officer
Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer
Executive Vice President and Representative Director President, CEO and Representative Director (incumbent)
Apr. 1984 Apr. 2012 Apr. 2014 Jun. 2015 Apr. 2016
Apr. 2018
Duties
Joined the Company Officer
Senior Officer
Managing Director
Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer
Executive Vice President and Representative Director (incumbent)
Apr. 1984 Apr. 2012 Apr. 2014 Apr. 2016
Apr. 2018 Jun. 2018
Duties
Joined the Company Officer
Senior Officer
Senior Managing Executive Officer
Executive Vice President Executive Vice President and Representative Director (incumbent)
Apr. 1982 Apr. 2011 Apr. 2013 Apr. 2016
Apr. 2020 Jun. 2020
Duties
Joined the Company Officer
Senior Officer
Senior Managing Executive Officer
Executive Vice President Executive Vice President and Representative Director (incumbent)
Apr. 1983 Apr. 2012 Apr. 2014 Apr. 2018
Apr. 2020 Jun. 2020
Duties
Joined the Company Officer
Senior Officer
Senior Managing Executive Officer
Executive Vice President Executive Vice President and Representative Director (incumbent)
Apr. 1982 Apr. 2014 Apr. 2016 Apr. 2018
Jun. 2018
Duties
Joined the Company Officer
Managing Executive Officer Senior Managing Executive Officer
Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer (incumbent)
Apr. 1985 Apr. 2015 Apr. 2017 Apr. 2018
Jun. 2018
Duties
Joined the Company Officer
Managing Executive Officer Senior Managing Executive Officer
Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer (incumbent)
Apr. 1985 Apr. 2015
Apr. 2016 Apr. 2018 Apr. 2020
Jun. 2020
Duties
Joined the Company General Manager of Planning & Administration Department, Iron & Steel Business
Executive Officer
Managing Executive Officer Senior Managing Executive Officer
Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer (incumbent)
       82 KOBELCO Group
Integrated Report 2020
KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020 83
Oversees the Health & Safety Department, Quality Management Department, Environmental Control & Disaster Prevention Department, and MONODZUKURI (Production System Innovation) Planning and Promotion Department. Oversees Companywide health and safety. Oversees Company- wide quality. Oversees Companywide environmental control and disaster prevention.
Oversees the materials businesses. Head of the Steel & Aluminum Business.
Oversees the Research & Development Planning Department, Intellectual Property Department, and IT Planning Department. Oversees Companywide technical development. Oversees Companywide IT systems. Oversees Companywide automotive projects.
Oversees the machinery businesses. Head of the Engineering Business. Responsible for the Companywide construction business.
Oversees the electric power business. Head of the Electric Power Business.
Oversees the Audit Department, Corporate Planning Department (exclud- ing the Automotive Materials Planning Section), Accounting Department, Finance Department, Marketing Planning Department, domestic branch offices and sales offices (including Takasago Works), and overseas loca- tions (under the Head Office).
Oversees the Compliance Management Department, Legal Department, Corporate Communications Department, General Administration Department, Human Resources Department, Civil Engineering & Construction Technology Department, Machinery & Materials Procurement Department, and the Rugby Administration Office. Oversees Companywide compliance.

The KOBELCO Group’s Business Foundation
Directors (Including Audit & Supervisory Committee Members)
         9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16
         Independent Director
Takao Kitabata 9 Number of
Company shares owned: 6,600
Independent Director
Hiroyuki Bamba 10 Number of
Company shares owned: 4,800
Independent Director
Yumiko Ito 11 Number of
Company shares owned: 1,200
Director, Audit & Supervisory Committee Member
Hiroshi Ishikawa 12 Number of
Company shares owned: 16,300
Director, Audit & Supervisory Committee Member
Yasushi Tsushima 13 Number of
Company shares owned: 11,900
Independent Director, Audit & Supervisory Committee Member
Yoshiiku Miyata 14 Number of
Company shares owned: 12,000
Independent Director, Audit & Supervisory Committee Member
Kunio Miura 15 Number of
Company shares owned: 0
Independent Director, Audit & Supervisory Committee Member
Masaaki Kono 16 Number of
Company shares owned: 0
        Apr. 1972 Jun. 2004
Jul. 2006
Jul. 2008 Jun. 2010
Jun. 2013
Apr. 2014 Jun. 2014
Mar. 2019
Apr. 2020
Joined the Ministry of International Trade and Industry
Director-General, Economic and Industrial Policy Bureau, Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) Vice-Minister of Economy, Trade and Industry
Retired from METI
Director of the Company (incumbent)
Outside Corporate Auditor of Marubeni Corporation Chairman of SANDA GAKUEN Junior High School–Senior High School (incumbent)
Outside Director of Marubeni Corporation (incumbent)
Principal of SANDA GAKUEN Junior High School–Senior High School Outside Director of Seiren Co., Ltd. (incumbent) Outside Director of Zeon Corporation (incumbent) Retired from Chairman of SANDA GAKUEN Junior High School–Senior High School
President of Kaishi Professional University (incumbent)
Apr. 1976 Mar. 2000 Mar. 2003
Jul. 2003
Mar. 2011 Mar. 2015 Jun. 2015
Jun. 2017
Joined Sumitomo Rubber Industries, Ltd.
Director of Sumitomo Rubber Industries, Ltd. Executive Officer of Sumitomo Rubber Industries, Ltd.
President and Director of SRI Sports Limited (currently Sumitomo Rubber Industries, Ltd.)
Chairman and Director of SRI Sports Limited Counselor to Sumitomo Rubber Industries, Ltd. Outside Director of Sekisui Plastics Co., Ltd. (incumbent)
Director of the Company (incumbent)
Apr. 1984
Apr. 1989
Jul. 1991 Apr. 2001
May 2004 Mar. 2007
Apr. 2013 Jun. 2013 Apr. 2014
Jun. 2016 Mar. 2019
Apr. 2019 Jun. 2019
Legislation Staff (Sanji), The Legislative Bureau of the House of Representatives of Japan Admitted to the bar in Japan, Sakawa Law Office Tanabe & Partners General Counsel,
Legal & Patent Operation, GE Yokogawa Medical Systems, Ltd.
(currently GE Healthcare Japan Corporation)
Staff Counsel,
Legal & Intellectual Property, IBM Japan, Ltd.
Executive Officer,
Legal & Corporate Affairs, Microsoft Co., Ltd. (currently Microsoft Japan Co., Ltd.)
Executive Officer and General Counsel,
Sharp Corporation
Director, Executive Officer and General Counsel, Sharp Corporation
Director, Executive Managing Officer and General Counsel,
Sharp Corporation Executive Managing Officer and General Counsel, Sharp Corporation
Retired from Executive Managing Officer and General Counsel,
Sharp Corporation Established Ito Law Office; appointed as Representative (incumbent) Director of the Company (incumbent)
Outside Corporate Auditor of Santen Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (incumbent)
Apr. 1982 Apr. 2014 Apr. 2016 Jun. 2018
Joined the Company
Officer
Managing Executive Officer Director, Audit & Supervisory Committee Member (incumbent)
Apr. 1982 Apr. 2013 Jun. 2015
Apr. 2018 Jun. 2018
Joined the Company Officer
Director, Managing Executive Officer of Kobelco Construction Machinery Co., Ltd. Director of Kobelco Construction Machinery Co., Ltd.
Director, Audit & Supervisory Committee Member (incumbent)
Apr. 1977 Jun. 2011
Jun. 2014 Mar. 2015 Dec. 2015
Jun. 2016 Apr. 2017
Joined Matsushita Electric Industrial Co., Ltd.
Senior Managing Director, Member of the Board, Panasonic Corporation Corporate Advisor, Panasonic Corporation Outside Director, TonenGeneral Sekiyu K.K. Retired from Corporate Advisor,
Panasonic Corporation Director, Audit & Supervisory Committee Member (incumbent)
Outside Director,
JXTG Holdings, Inc. (incumbent)
Apr. 1979 Mar. 1988 Apr. 1988
Apr. 1997
Jun. 2003 Jun. 2008
Jun. 2010
Jun. 2020
Appointed as judge Retired as judge Admitted to the bar in Japan
Established Kawamoto and Miura Law Office
(currently Kawamoto, Miura and Hirata Law Office); appointed as Representative (incumbent) Outside Corporate Auditor of YAMAHA CORPORATION Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member of ASAHI INTELLIGENCE SERVICE CO., LTD. (incumbent) External Corporate Auditor of Sumitomo Seika Chemicals Company, Limited (incumbent) Director, Audit & Supervisory Committee Member (incumbent)
Apr. 1979 Jun. 2011
Apr. 2012
Apr. 2013
Jul. 2013 Apr. 2016
Jun. 2016 Apr. 2020 Jun. 2020
Joined The Dai-Ichi Kangyo Bank, Limited
Managing Director and Managing Executive Officer of Mizuho Financial Group, Inc. Managing Executive Officer of Mizuho Bank, Ltd. Managing Executive Officer of Mizuho Corporate Bank, Ltd. Managing Executive Officer of Mizuho Trust & Banking Co., Ltd.
Director of Mizuho Financial Group, Inc.
Deputy President and Deputy President–Executive Officer (Representative Director) of Mizuho Bank, Ltd. Deputy President & Executive Officer of Mizuho Corporate Bank, Ltd. Deputy President & Executive Officer of Mizuho Financial Group, Inc. Retired from Deputy President and Deputy President–Executive Officer (Representative Director) of Mizuho Bank, Ltd.
Retired from Deputy President & Executive Officer of Mizuho Financial Group, Inc. Advisor of Orient Corporation President and Representative Director of Orient Corporation Chairman and Representative Director of Orient Corporation Chairman and Director of Orient Corporation (incumbent)
Director, Audit & Supervisory Committee Member (incumbent)
84 KOBELCO Group
Integrated Report 2020
KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020 85

The KOBELCO Group’s Business Foundation
 Corporate Governance
Basic Policy
The KOBELCO Group recognizes that corporate value includes not only business results and technological capabilities but also the stance on social responsibility to all stakeholders affected by its business activities, such as shareholders, other investors, custom- ers, suppliers, employees in the KOBELCO Group, and local com- munities. Earnestly undertaking efforts to improve all these factors leads to the enhancement of corporate value.
Therefore, corporate governance is not merely a form of the organization, but it is a framework for realizing all the efforts the KOBELCO Group is undertaking. In building the framework, the Group recognizes the importance of establishing a system that contributes to improving corporate value by taking appropriate risks; acting in cooperation with stakeholders; promoting appropri- ate dialogue with investors in the capital market; maintaining the rights of and fairness for shareholders; and securing transparency in business dealings.
In keeping with this basic policy, the KOBELCO Group pursues medium- to long-term improvements in corporate value, with the Group Corporate Philosophy positioned as the foundation for all its business activities.
For information about the Company’s basic policy on corporate governance and policy on management structure, please see Basic Policy and Initiatives on the Corporate Governance of Kobe Steel, Ltd. https://www.kobelco.co.jp/english/about_kobelco/kobesteel/ governance/files/Basic_Policy_and_Initiatives.pdf
Policy regarding Management Structure (Management structure and the range of delegation of management)
The Company believes the basis of its corporate value is the pro- motion of its integrated management of diverse businesses cover- ing a wide range of segments—various demand fields, business environments, sales channels, and business scales—and the leveraging of that synergy. We also recognize the importance of having discussions with manufacturing sections and making our united efforts for promoting technical development and innovation, which form the foundation for the Company’s continued growth.
Furthermore, to advance its integrated management of diverse businesses, the Company believes it is necessary to promote active discussions and undertake appropriate decision-making with regard to the risk management of its various businesses and the allocation of management resources as well as to flexibly over- see business execution through the Board of Directors. It is desir- able to maintain certain cohesion between execution and oversight and to have the Board of Directors served by members with a correct understanding of the Company’s business execution.
In line with this approach, the Company has shifted to adopting an Audit & Supervisory Committee whose members have voting rights on the Board of Directors. Under this governance structure, the Company aims to enable comprehensive audits of its extensive businesses; maintain and strengthen the supervisory function of the Board of Directors; and accelerate decision-making with regard to management without completely separating the oversight and execution functions.
Features of Corporate Governance System
Internal Directors Independent Directors
Executive Officers External experts
 General Meeting of Shareholders
Appoint
   Advise
 2 Audit & Supervisory Committee
5 Audit & Supervisory Committee Members (Including 3 Independent Directors)
Committee Chair
 President & CEO
Chairman
Oversees quality
Oversees businesses
Audit & Supervisory Committee Members
Oversees compliance
1 Board of Directors
16 Directors
(Including 6 Independent Directors)
4 Compliance Committee
Membership
President, the Director overseeing Companywide compliance, the Executive Officer in charge of Companywide compli- ance, an external lawyer in charge of receiving reports via the internal reporting (whistle-blowing) system, an Independent Director, and external experts
Committee Chair
The Committee Chair is selected through vote among external members.
Committee Chair
    Seek opinions
    3 Meetings of Independent Directors 6 Independent Directors
 5 Nomination & Compensation Committee
Membership
Three to five members, including the President, with a majority of Independent Directors
Committee Chair
Independent Director
Committee Chair
President & CEO
  6 Quality Management Committee
Membership
Three external experts and two internal Executive Officers
Committee Chair
The Committee Chair is selected through vote among external members.
Committee Chair
  Executive Council
Appoint Supervise
Audit
        Committees
President & CEO
 Head office, business divisions, Group companies, Executive Officers
7 Execution of Duties
Executive Liaison Committee
      Internal Reporting (whistle- blowing) System Contact: External lawyers
           Management system (Decision-making, information-sharing, supervision)
Audit Dept.
Audit
Advisory Committees
Strengthening monitoring functions through establishment of advisory committees comprising mainly Independent Directors and external experts
Audit & Supervisory Committee Reporting System
Contact: Audit & Supervisory Committee
       Appoint
 Consult
        Initiatives to Strengthen Corporate Governance
1999 • Introduced internal company system and adopted executive officer system
2000 • Established Corporate Code of Ethics
2003 • Established Compliance Committee as advisory committee to the
Board of Directors
2006 • Established Corporate Philosophy
2007 • Appointed two Independent Directors
2010 • Abolished internal company system and introduced business unit system
• Established Basic Policy and Initiatives on the Corporate Governance of Kobe Steel, Ltd.
2015 • Established the Meetings of Independent Directors
• Established principles on appointment of Directors/Audit & Supervisory Board
Members and established standards for Independent Directors/Auditors
• Launched Kobe Steel’s Fiscal 2016–Fiscal 2020 Group Medium-Term
Management Plan
• Became a company with Audit & Supervisory Committee
Outline of Corporate Governance System
Company with Audit & Supervisory Committee
16
6 (37.5%)
8 (50.0%) 1 (6.3%) 5
3
One year (two years for Audit & Supervisory Committee Members)
KPMG AZSA LLC
Note: All six of the Independent Directors are currently registered as Independent Directors with a Financial Instruments Exchange.
   Organizational form
 Number of Directors
  Of whom are Independent Directors
  Of whom are Non-Executive Directors
 Of whom are women
  Audit & Supervisory Committee Members
  Of whom are Independent Directors
  Term of Directors
 Accounting Auditor
                   2016 •
Revised executive remuneration system
(introduced stock-type remuneration)
• Established training policy for executives
• Introduced evaluation system for the Board of Directors
   2017 •
2018 •
2019 •
2020
Turned the Corporate Philosophy into the Core Values of KOBELCO and established Six Pledges of KOBELCO Men and Women Reassessed the role of the Board of Directors from the standpoint of enhancing its oversight functions
Appointed the Company’s first female Director
      • Established a new Group Corporate Philosophy by integrating the newly formulated KOBELCO’s View of the Future and KOBELCO’s Mission
 86 KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020
KOBELCO Group
Integrated Report 2020 87
Accounting Auditor
Accounting audit

The KOBELCO Group’s Business Foundation
 Corporate Governance
1 Board of Directors
The number of Directors (excluding Directors who are Audit &
Supervisory Committee Members) shall be not more than 15 as stipulated under the Articles of Incorporation of the Company. The Company conducts the following actions to
ensure that an appropriate number of Directors constitutes the Board of Directors to facilitate substantial discussion at meetings of the Board of Directors as well as enhance the auditing function, while considering its diversity.
4 Compliance Committee
The Company has established the Compliance Committee,
which, as an independent advisory body to the Board of Directors, deliberates matters regarding compliance with laws, regulations, and ethics concerning the Company’s business activities.
The Compliance Committee consists of the President, the Director overseeing Companywide compliance, the Executive Officer in charge of Companywide compliance, an external lawyer (without a retainer agreement executed by the Company) in charge of receiving reports via the Internal
5 Nomination & Compensation Committee The Company has established the Nomination &
Compensation Committee as an advisory body to the Board of Directors on important matters concerning nomination and compensation of Directors and Executive Officers, including a successor to the Chief Executive Officer, in order to enhance fairness and transparency in the management of the Board of Directors. The Nomination & Compensation
6 Quality Management Committee
The Company has established the Quality Management Committee as an advisory body to the Board of Directors. The committee constantly monitors the effectiveness of measures to prevent a recurrence of the quality misconduct in the Group, in addition to continuously monitoring and advising on activities to strengthen quality management
7 Execution of Duties
The Board of Directors is responsible for deliberating and
deciding on matters concerning the execution of important business and legal matters as well as for overseeing busi- ness execution.
However, to ensure prompt decision-making, the Company has established deliberation standards for meet- ings of the Board of Directors and delegated authority, within a certain scope, to persons responsible for specific duties, including the President and other executives.
Reporting (whistle-blowing) System, an Independent Director, and external experts. The majority of the committee consists of members from outside of the Company.
The Compliance Committee plans fundamental policies regarding Groupwide compliance activities, monitors the progress of compliance activities, and submits reports and recommendations on necessary actions to the Board of Directors.
The Compliance Committee holds regular meetings biannually and ad-hoc meetings when necessary.
Committee consists of three to five members appointed by the Board of Directors, including the President, with the majority of members comprising Independent Directors. Meetings are held at least once per fiscal year and as needed. The Board of Directors fully respects the opinions of the Nomination & Compensation Committee and its deci- sions on relevant matters.
across the Group. Members of the Quality Management Committee comprise two internal executives of the Company and three external experts selected by the Board of Directors who have technical knowledge or legal knowl- edge on quality control. The committee is chaired by one of the external members.
In addition, by appointing Executive Officers as assis- tants to Directors who execute duties, the Company has established a system that enables the delegation of busi- ness management responsibilities and prompt decision- making with respect to business management.
The term for Directors (excluding Audit & Supervisory Committee Members) and Executive Officers shall be one year to enable the Company to respond flexibly to a volatile business environment.
   Purpose
  Measure
   Reflect the fair and neutral perspec- tives of external parties and the view- points of stakeholders, including minority shareholders
Strengthen the monitoring functions of the Board of Directors
Enhance fairness and transparency of the Board of Directors and advance growth strategies as a company
Invite several Independent Directors (six including three Directors who are Audit & Supervisory Committee Members)
In addition to the President, appoint Directors to oversee the head office division, each business division in materials, machinery, and electric power, and the technical devel- opment division; a Director to oversee compliance; and a Director to oversee quality assurance
Appoint Independent Directors so that they will account for one-third or more of the Board of Directors
In principle, the Chairman of the Board of Directors is selected from among the Independent Directors
          2 Audit & Supervisory Committee
In principle, the Audit & Supervisory Committee of Kobe Steel consists of five members, including two Internal Directors and three Independent Directors. This member- ship is not only in accordance with the rules on audit and supervisory committees of Japan’s Companies Act, which requires at least three Non-Executive Directors (a majority of whom must be Independent Directors), but it also ensures transparency and fairness and encourages satisfactory auditing for the diversified management of a wide range of business segments. The Chair of the Audit & Supervisory Committee is selected from among the Independent Directors.
Full-time Internal Audit & Supervisory Committee Members are mainly responsible for acting as liaisons between the management team and the Audit & Supervisory Committee
3 Meetings of Independent Directors The Company has established the Meetings of Independent
Directors to maximize the roles of Independent Directors. The meetings are a platform where the Company shares with Independent Directors information regarding the Company’s businesses other than nomination and compen- sation of executives.
and for coordinating with the internal audit departments. Independent Audit & Supervisory Committee Members are responsible for providing expert knowledge with respect to auditing and for maintaining fairness. To ensure these roles are fulfilled, the Company appoints Independent Audit & Supervisory Committee Members from diverse fields, includ- ing legal, financial, and industrial circles.
In addition, at least one of the Audit & Supervisory Committee Members must have a considerable degree of knowledge on finance and accounting in order to improve the effectiveness of audits.
Moreover, a new internal reporting system that allows employees to contact the Audit & Supervisory Committee was put in place in fiscal 2020.
The Meetings of Independent Directors consist solely of Independent Directors. Regular meetings are held every quarter and ad-hoc meetings are held when necessary.
The Executive Directors of the Company attend the Meetings of Independent Directors as appropriate to share information and exchange opinions with the Independent Directors.
         88 KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020
KOBELCO Group
Integrated Report 2020 89

 Evaluation Results in Fiscal 2019
Evaluation Items
1 Structure of the Board of Directors 2 Agenda of the Board of Directors 3 Management of the Board of Directors
4 Documents for the Board of Directors 5 Monitoring and supervision of Directors 6 Provision of information to Independent Directors 7 Other items (status of measures to prevent a recurrence of the quality misconduct, sustainability management, etc.)
Summary of Analysis and Evaluation Results
• In fiscal 2019, it was confirmed that steady progress was being made in the implementation of improvement measures with regard to impor- tant topics pertaining to the effectiveness of the Board of Directors, namely strengthening mutual supervision functions among Directors; improving reporting on the status of business execution; and enhanc- ing follow-up on items discussed at meetings of the Board of Directors to reinforce overall monitoring functions.
•In response to the misconduct concerning the quality of the Company’s products discovered in fiscal 2017, the Board of Directors receives reports on a regular basis on the progress of measures to prevent a recurrence and activities of the Independent Quality Management Committee. The Board of Directors has concluded that the information necessary for monitoring has been properly shared.
• For the above reasons, the Company has determined that the effec- tiveness of the Board of Directors has steadily improved.
Future Initiatives for Improving Effectiveness
• To facilitate the formulation of the next medium-term management plan, opportunities for discussion on medium- to long-term manage- ment issues and sustainability management will be increased.
• Training and study sessions, including those for discussion between Directors, as well as forums for exchange of opinion between Independent Directors and Executive Officers will be arranged to foster mutual understanding among Independent Directors and other officers.
• Guidelines for preparing documents pertaining to meetings of the Board of Directors will be compiled by the secretariat and awareness regarding the guidelines will be promoted to improve the effectiveness of the documents.
For more information on the results of evaluations of the effec- tiveness of the Board of Directors, please refer to the Company’s corporate website. https://www.kobelco.co.jp/english/about_kobelco/ kobesteel/governance/index.html
  Background and Experience of Directors (As of June 24, 2020)
               Mitsugu Yamaguchi
President, CEO and Representative Director
Fusaki Koshiishi
Executive Vice President and Representative Director
Koichiro Shibata
Executive Vice President and Representative Director
Makoto Mizuguchi
Executive Vice President and Representative Director
Kazuto Morisaki
Executive Vice President and Representative Director
Jiro Kitagawa
Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer
Yoshihiko Katsukawa
Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer
Hajime Nagara
Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer
Takao Kitabata
Independent Director
Hiroyuki Bamba
Independent Director
Yumiko Ito
Independent Director
Hiroshi Ishikawa
Director, Audit & Supervisory Committee Member
Yasushi Tsushima
Director, Audit & Supervisory Committee Member
Yoshiiku Miyata
Independent Director, Audit & Supervisory Committee Member
Kunio Miura
Independent Director, Audit & Supervisory Committee Member
Masaaki Kono
Independent Director, Audit & Supervisory Committee Member
Age
62
60
61
61
62
60
58
58
70
66
61
62
60
67
67
63
Length of
service as Director (years)
4
5
2
—
—
2
2
—
10
3
1
2
2
4
—
—
Planning/project management
Finance/ accounting
Materials businesses
Machinery businesses
Electric power business
Technical development/ manufacturing/ facility technology
Overseas business
Legal/risk management
Insights into other industry sectors
                     President; Executive Vice President and Representative Director;
and Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer
 Director, Managing Executive Officer, and Director
 Independent Director
 The KOBELCO Group’s Business Foundation
 Corporate Governance
Evaluation of the Board of Directors
The Company’s Board of Directors evaluated its effective- ness by conducting a survey targeting all 16 Directors who served in fiscal 2019. Based on the aggregated results of the survey and interviews, the Audit & Supervisory Committee submitted to the Board of Directors an initial
evaluation and recommendations for improvements in the future. The Board of Directors then reviewed the evaluation results and analyzed current issues and deliberated future initiatives for improving effectiveness.
Category
Basic Remuneration
Approx. 63%
Approx. 67%
100%
Performance-Based Compensation
Approx. 18.5%
Approx. 16.5%
—
Stock Compensation Total
Approx.18.5% 100%
Approx. 16.5% 100%
— 100%
Remuneration of Directors and Accounting Auditor
Remuneration of Directors
The Company has set forth the following remuneration sys- tem for Directors in order to improve medium- to long-term corporate value, as well as to effectively offer incentives for Directors to carry out their expected roles to their fullest capacities.
1 Fundamental Policy for Remuneration of the Company’s Directors
1) A system able to secure talented human resources who can contribute to the Company’s continued growth, and appropri- ately compensate for such efforts.
2) A system able to share values widely with stakeholders and promote not only short-term growth but also medium- to long-term growth.
3) In incentivizing the accomplishment of consolidated business result targets, the system must sufficiently consider the characteristics of each business so that Directors can fully carry out their roles.
4) In ensuring the objectivity and transparency of judgments regard- ing remuneration decisions, the Nomination & Compensation Committee, the majority of which consists of Independent Directors, deliberates on the state of the remuneration system and the necessity of its reevaluation.
2 Remuneration Framework
1) Remuneration for the Company’s Directors (excluding Audit &
Supervisory Committee Members) will consist of basic remu- neration paid as fixed compensation, performance-based com- pensation linked to the achievement of business result targets for each fiscal year, and medium- to long-term incentive com- pensation principally in the form of stock compensation (herein- after “stock compensation”) with the goal of sharing value with shareholders. Taking into consideration their duties, part-time Internal Directors and Independent Directors will not be eligible for performance-based compensation, and Independent Directors will not be eligible for stock compensation.
2) The ratios of different types of performance for each category of officer are indicated in the table below. The ratios of perfor- mance-based compensation and stock compensation have been set high for officers expected to produce significant results and exercise strong responsibility.
3) The Company’s Directors who are Audit & Supervisory Committee Members will only be paid basic remuneration as fixed compen- sation, taking into consideration their duties.
       90 KOBELCO Group
Integrated Report 2020
KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020 91
Note: The amounts of performance-based compensation and stock compensation granted vary depending on business results. The range of fluctuation is 0%–200% of the base amount for performance-based compensation and 0%–100% of the base amount for stock compensation. The percentages of performance-based compensation and stock compensation in the above table are based on each amount being 100% of the base amount.
Executive Non-executive

The KOBELCO Group’s Business Foundation
 Corporate Governance
3 Calculation Method
1) Basic remuneration consists of a fixed amount paid to each
Director depending on rank in internal regulations taking into account an appropriate level of compensation in line with the capabilities and responsibilities expected of each Director.
2) The amount of performance-based compensation will be deter- mined using net income attributable to owners of the parent (hereinafter “net income”) and net income of each business divi- sion as evaluation indicators. In terms of target standards used in evaluations, raising the level of profit attained through the steady execution of strategic investments is an important man- agement issue, and the Company places emphasis on how much profit is gained from its total assets, including strategic investments. Accordingly, these target standards will be based on the net income standard of the Company as a whole, which becomes “consolidated ROA of 5% or more” as stated in the Medium-Term Management Plan. Additionally, the target stan- dards for each business division will be based on the same net income standard for each business division of “ROA of 5% or more in each business division,” and depending on target stan- dards for each business division and the accomplishment of these targets for both the Company as a whole and each busi- ness division, the amount paid is determined by multiplying a coefficient of 0%–200% to the base amount for each rank.
0%–100%. On a fixed date during each trust period of three years, a number of the Company’s shares and cash equivalent to the amount converted from the market price of the Company’s shares will be provided according to the number of points awarded. The Company positions shareholder returns as an important manage- ment issue. Accordingly, the Company calculates a coefficient for shareholder returns based on consolidated net income and divi- dend payments in each fiscal year. The reference value used in this calculation is net income of ¥73.0 billion, which serves as a target for the dividend payout ratio the Company adopts in its dividend policy.
February 2020: May 2020:
Deliberation on and recommendation to the Board of Directors regarding reduction of basic remuneration
Deliberation on and recommendation to the Board of Directors regarding revision of coef- ficients for calculating performance-based compensation and stock compensation and further reduction of basic remuneration
6 Reference Values for Fiscal 2019 Used in Index Related to Performance-Based Compensation and Index Related to Stock Compensation and Results for Fiscal 2019
1) Index related to performance-based compensation
Reference value for fiscal 2019: Consolidated ROA of 5.0% Results for fiscal 2019: Consolidated ROA of –0.3%
2) Index related to stock compensation
Reference value for fiscal 2019: Net income of ¥73.0 billion Results for fiscal 2019: Net loss of ¥68.0 billion
 *1
*2
4
Base points for each rank: The base points for each rank are obtained by dividing the rank-based standard pay amount for stock compensation specified in internal regula- tions by the Company’s share price used for calculating points (the share price available when the trust acquires the Company’s shares). The rank-based standard pay amount is determined by internal regulations taking into consideration a level of compensation in line with the capabilities and responsibilities expected of each Director.
Coefficient based on evaluation index: The coefficient based on evaluation index is determined according to actual dividends and net income.
Method to Determine Remuneration Standard
450 0 0 (37) (—) (—)
109 — — (44)
560 0 0
Remuneration and Other Amounts Payable to Directors in Fiscal 2019
  Category
Amount (Millions of Yen)
450 (37)
109 (44)
560
Basic Remuneration
Performance- Stock
Based Compensation Compensation
Number of Directors (Persons)
11 (3)
5 (3)
16
Breakdown of Total Remuneration (Millions of Yen)
  Directors excluding Audit & Supervisory Committee Members (of whom are Independent Directors)
 Directors who are Audit & Supervisory Committee Members (of whom are Independent Directors)
 Total
       *1 *2
Standard pay amount by rank: The standard pay amount by rank is determined by internal regulations taking into consideration a level of compensation in line with the capabilities and responsibilities expected of each Director.
Coefficient based on evaluation index: Net income over the given period is the indicator used for the coefficient for calculating performance-based compensation, and the calculation method is provided below.
The business division used for calculating the portion of compensation linked to division performance is determined based on actual duties assigned to each Director who is scheduled to receive performance-based compensation. Also, if the scope of duties assigned to a Director is the Head Office (including the Technical Development Group) or the electric power business, then said Director’s performance-based compensation does not include the portion of compensation linked to division perfor- mance. Regardless of the formula directly below, the performance-based compensa- tion for such Directors is calculated using the formula “Portion linked to Companywide performance × 1.0.”
Data from a Director remuneration survey conducted by an exter- nal specialized agency will be used as a base to determine remu- neration standards commensurate with the Company’s corporate scale and the duties expected of Directors.
5 Determination of Remuneration Policy and Method for Verification
1) The policy concerning remuneration for Directors (excluding Directors who are Audit & Supervisory Committee Members) is determined by resolution of the Board of Directors, and the pol- icy concerning remuneration for Audit & Supervisory Committee Members is determined by the Audit & Supervisory Committee.
2) The state of the remuneration system and the necessity for its revision are deliberated by the Nomination & Compensation Committee, a majority of which consists of Independent Directors. If it is necessary to revise the remuneration system, the Company will present a revised remuneration plan at a meet- ing of the Board of Directors for resolution. The Board of Directors has the duty to adopt such a resolution while fully respecting the opinions submitted by the Nomination & Compensation Committee.
3) The activities of the Board of Directors and the Nomination & Compensation Committee in recent fiscal years are as follows.
Board of Directors
Note: The Company will not issue performance-based compensation or stock compensation as the payment criteria based on the Company’s Director remuneration system was not met given the profit level and the foregoing of dividend payments for fiscal 2019. In addition, taking seriously the large net loss attributable to owners of the parent and the forgoing of the annual dividend, the Company has reduced the fixed compensation of Directors (excluding Independent Directors and Directors who are Audit & Supervisory Committee Members) by 8% to 20% from February 2020 to April 2020 and by 13% to 25% for the time being from May 2020.
Remuneration of Accounting Auditor
In fiscal 2019, remuneration and other amounts payable to the Accounting Auditor by the Company totaled ¥151 million, and the total amount of money and other financial interests payable by the Company and its subsidiaries was ¥505 million.
Verification Results regarding Strategic Holdings of Shares
Calculation method for performance-based compensation
Performance-based compensation =
Standard pay amount by rank*1
Coefficient based on evaluation index*2
 Coefficient based on evaluation index (%) =
(A) Portion linked to Companywide performance (%) × 0.7 + (B) Portion linked to division performance (%) × 0.3
(A) Portion linked to Companywide performance (%) = Companywide consolidated net income ÷ Net income equivalent to Companywide consolidated ROA of 5% × 100
(B) Portion linked to division performance (%) =
Net income of respective business division ÷ Net income of respective business division equivalent to consolidated ROA of 5% × 100
  Scope of verification
 Verification details
   Note: Decimal points are rounded off in the figures for the portion linked to Companywide performance and the portion linked to division performance. In the event that the value falls below 0%, then 0% is established as the value. In the event that the value goes above 200%, then 200% is established as the value.
3) For stock compensation, a system known as Board Benefit Trust has been adopted in order to raise the awareness of Directors for contributing to continuous improvements in corporate value. Payments based on this system will use a base point number established for each rank, and a number of points will be awarded by adjusting this amount using a coefficient of
February 2020:
May 2020:
Resolution on revision of stock compensation coefficient calculation method and reduction of basic remuneration based on recommenda- tions by the Nomination & Compensation Committee
Resolution on further reduction of perfor- mance-based compensation, stock compen- sation, and basic remuneration for fiscal 2019 based on recommendations by the Nomination & Compensation Committee
The Board of Directors has reviewed the necessity of all the strate- gic holdings of listed companies’ shares held by the Company as of March 31, 2020. A summary of the results is as follows.
All the strategic holdings of listed companies’ shares held by the Company as of March 31, 2020 (42 companies)
We verified whether the holding of each company’s shares contributes to strengthening the Company’s business foundation and to improving the Company’s corporate value over the medium to long term, based on the following evaluation items, and comprehensively judged the reasonableness of each shareholding.
Evaluation items
(i) Scale and importance as a business partner (volume of transactions, share of transactions, and stable procurement)
(ii) Relationship as an alliance partner (economic effect of the alliance)
Verification Results
In fiscal 2019, it was confirmed that all of 27 holdings and part of 15 holdings among the holdings of shares in 69 listed companies as of March 31, 2019, had been sold, after reaching a consensus with the counterparty, in reflection of the verification of the reasonableness of these holdings from the perspective of capital and asset efficiency.
The holdings of shares in 42 listed companies as of March 31, 2020, have been judged to be reasonable as they are contributing to strengthening the Company’s business foundation and to improving the Company’s corporate value over the medium to long term, based on the scale and importance of the companies as busi- ness partners (volume of transactions, share of transactions, and stable procurement) and the relationships as alliance partners.
Going forward, the Company will continue to verify the neces- sity of strategic holdings of listed companies’ shares, and those holdings that are judged to have diminished significance will be reduced through sale or other means.
 92 KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020
KOBELCO Group
Integrated Report 2020 93
Calculation method for awarding stock compensation points
Number of points awarded =
Base points for each rank*1
Coefficient based on evaluation index*2
Nomination & Compensation Committee
December 2019: Deliberation on and recommendation to the Board of Directors regarding revision of the stock compensation coefficient calculation
method
(iii) Dividend yield
For more information on the verification results regarding strategic holdings of shares, please refer to the Company’s corporate website.
https://www.kobelco.co.jp/english/about_kobelco/kobesteel/governance/index.html
+
+

Corporate Data
10-Year Financial and Non-Financial Data
 (Millions of yen)
 2019
 ¥1,869,835
 1,638,738
 9,863
 (8,079)
 (68,008)
 27,040
 (218,986)
 140,589
 239,816
 105,346
 35,890
 2,411,191
 716,369
 784,478
 906,639
 (187.5)
 1,811.10
 0.00
 0.5
 (0.4)
 (0.3)
 (9.7)
 27.2
 1.19
 —
 364,364
   40,831
 11,560
 10,528
 1,032
 85
 2.6
 2.37 (2.2)
  35
 58
 100.0
  315
 52
 3.5
 17.0
 17.7
 (Fiscal year)
For the fiscal year
2010
Net sales
Cost of sales
Operating income
Ordinary income (loss)
Net income (loss) attributable to owners of the parent
Cash flows from operating activities
Cash flows from investing activities
Cash flows from financing activities
Capital expenditures
Depreciation 114,819
2011
¥1,864,691 1,635,862 60,555
2012
¥1,685,529 1,510,511 11,234
2013
¥1,824,698 1,537,249 114,548 85,044 70,191 194,294
(62,105) (138,501) 101,402
82,936
28,494 2,288,636 734,679 748,138 787,246 226.2 1,841.10 40.00 6.3 4.7 3.8 11.9 29.2 1.11 17.7
3,643,642
36,019 10,586 9,891 695 34
1.2 2.02 (1.8)
0 45 89.5
336 19 9.0 8.4 20.2
2014
¥1,886,894 1,581,527 119,460 101,688 86,549 153,078
(73,674) (156,027) 103,522
89,881
29,920 2,300,241 851,785 650,991 677,447 238.1 2,137.00 40.00 6.3 5.4 4.4 12.0 33.8 0.88 16.8
3,643,642
36,420 10,609 9,881 728 40
1.4 2.28 (2.0)
1 48 100.0
294 14 5.2 9.1 22.9
2015
¥1,822,805 1,548,384 68,445 28,927
(21,556) 97,933 (104,618) 93,883 109,941 94,812 29,843 2,261,134 745,492 776,073 789,493
(59.3) 1,903.80 20.00 3.8 1.6 1.3
(2.9) 30.6 1.10
—
3,643,642
36,338 10,833 10,090
743 57 1.5
2.31 (2.0)
5 38 94.7
362 26 12.1 11.8 22.7
2016
¥1,695,864 1,465,577 9,749
(19,103)
(23,045) 141,716 (137,833) 16,545 160,297 96,281 30,102 2,310,435 729,404 789,632 796,927
(63.5) 1,860.36 — 0.6
(1.1) (0.8) (3.4)
29.2 1.17 —
364,364
36,951 11,034 10,241
793 60 1.6
2.38 (2.0)
7 54 96.0
344 50 12.8 14.9 16.5
2017
¥1,881,158 1,595,229 88,913 71,149 63,188 190,832
(161,598) (66,598) 128,653
102,032 32,014 2,352,114 790,984 726,013 738,865 174.4 2,049.95 30.00 4.7 3.8 3.1 8.9 31.6 0.98 17.2
364,364
37,436 11,191 10,304
887 70 1.9
2.30 (2.0)
8 40 96.7
421 64 10.7 15.5 18.4
2018
¥1,971,869 1,704,972 48,282 34,629 35,940 67,136
(28,603) (9,561) 133,471
102,589 34,495 2,384,973 803,312 724,221 760,364 99.2 2,041.29 20.00 2.4 1.8 1.5 4.8 31.0 0.98 20.2
364,364
39,341 11,401 10,422
979 69 2.4
2.35 (2.2)
13
40 98.2
350 50 9.0 16.3 18.4
             ¥1,858,574 1,570,779 124,550 89,082 52,939 177,795
33,780 (18,146)
                                                                  (96,686) (98,196) 91,378
(14,248) 39,486 (85,267) (40,233) 96,085 118,037 31,436 2,159,512 571,258 746,471 810,172
(47.4) 1,718.40 10.00 3.2 1.8 1.5
(2.7) 23.9 1.37
—
3,115,061
35,496 10,370 9,725 645 23
0.8 2.07 (1.8)
3 40 100.0
278 19 5.7 8.9 20.0
(26,976) 45,401 (123,513) 127,644 114,935 106,725 30,763 2,226,996 569,922 907,656 959,179
(89.8) 1,706.34 — 0.7
(1.1) (0.8) (5.2)
23.0 1.75 —
3,115,061
36,018 10,398 9,728 670 30
1.0 2.11 (1.8)
1 40 100.0
374 24 5.8 9.1 19.6
                                                        At fiscal year-end
Per-share data*1
Financial indicators
Research and development expenses Total assets
Net assets
Outside debt
Outside debt including IPP project financing Net income (loss)
Net assets
Cash dividends
Operating income ratio (%) Ordinary income ratio (%) ROA (%)
ROE (%)
Equity ratio (%)
Debt/equity ratio (times) (Excluding project financing) Dividend payout ratio (%)
29,832 2,231,532 597,367 769,839 845,483 176.3 1,828.13 30.00 6.7 4.8 4.0 9.9 24.6 1.36 17.0
3,115,061
                                                                                                                                                   Number of shares issued (in thousands)
              Non-financial Number of employees
data Consolidated 34,772
Non-consolidated 9,933 Men 9,393 Women 540 Non-Japanese 21
                                                                  Ratio of female managers (non-consolidated)*2 (%)
Employment rate of people with disabilities (non-consolidated)*3 (%) Number of employees taking childcare leave (non-consolidated)*4
Men
Women
Ratio of employees returning from childcare leave (non-consolidated) (%) Number of new graduates employed (non-consolidated)
0.7 2.17 (1.8)
3 41 100.0
                                                                             Men 106
           Women
Turnover of employees within 3 years (non-consolidated)*5 (%)
Use of annual paid leave (non-consolidated) (days per year/person) Overtime (non-consolidated) (hours per month/person)
3 5.5 8.6 19.3
                                             *1 The Company carried out a 1-for-10 reverse stock split of its shares on October 1, 2016. Per-share data has been recalculated as if the reverse stock split had been carried out at the beginning of fiscal 2010.
*2 At Kobe Steel, managers or above are considered to be managerial staff.
*3 Figures in parentheses are the statutory employment rate.
*4 The Company’s childcare leave has a limit of three years, and the number of people includes those who have remained on leave from the previous year.
*5 Of the employees who joined the Company during these fiscal years through the regular hiring process, the percentage of those who retired with less than three years of continuous service.
94 KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020
KOBELCO Group
Integrated Report 2020 95

Corporate Data
Results by Operating Segment (Fiscal 2015–Fiscal 2019) Iron & Steel
Engineering
Net sales
Ordinary income
Total assets
             Net sales
Ordinary income (loss)
Total assets
2015
665.8
(14.9)
840.8
2016 2017 2018
620.6 715.5 753.9
(29.5) 17.3 4.7
936.3 937.5 973.2
50.7 52.8 55.7
7.0 5.2 5.2
94.4 67.5 58.8
9,800 9,795 10,887
2016 2017 2018
82.2 80.5 83.9
6.8 4.9 3.6
72.9 76.0 78.5
2.2 2.1 2.2
3.5 3.4 3.7
2.4 2.3 2.3
2,532 2,551 2,560
2016 2017 2018
323.3 349.5 359.0
12.0 11.8 (1.5)
258.5 324.9 335.0
12.4 13.7 14.7
2.8 2.6 2.9
22.8 23.5 28.1
6,870 7,239 7,550
2016 2017 2018
150.7 161.3 171.4
5.8 2.3 1.2
148.2 182.1 171.9
4.3 5.6 6.1
3.7 3.3 2.7
8.1 7.8 4.1
3,708 4,010 4,094
(Billions of yen)
2019
723.7
(21.3)
964.8
56.2
7.8
55.2
11,403
(Billions of yen)
2019
83.7
2.9
79.6
2.4
4.0
2.6
2,587
(Billions of yen)
2019
333.4
(20.4)
334.8
15.5
3.3
34.3
7,897
(Billions of yen)
2019
165.9
9.6
184.7
5.6
3.5
4.8
4,278
2015
131.7
4.6
113.4
2016
121.1
2.8
104.8
2.0
2.0
1.6
2,870
2016
310.4
(31.3)
364.6
12.4
4.7
13.8
7,060
2016
70.6
13.0
101.7
7.7
—
9.1
164
2017
122.8
6.9
109.3
1.9
1.9
0.9
2,920
2017
364.5
21.9
388.4
12.3
5.6
11.3
7,075
2017
72.1
7.9
107.1
8.8
—
12.0
235
2017
68.8
5.4
146.1
2.9
0.9
2.2
2018
151.7
6.5
137.3
2.0
2.3
2.7
3,523
2018
386.0
25.5
358.6
12.3
6.5
13.5
7,487
2018
76.1
(0.3)
123.2
5.8
—
20.1
244
2018
42.0
2.3
57.0
1.6
1.0
3.3
1,643
(Billions of yen)
2019
141.5
5.7
139.0
1.8
2.4
1.8
3,584
(Billions of yen)
2019
360.8
7.5
341.0
12.9
6.9
13.5
7,765
(Billions of yen)
2019
75.6
8.9
251.6
7.6
—
123.5
255
(Billions of yen)
2019
33.6
3.3
54.8
1.2
0.9
1.4
1,651
      Depreciation 47.4
Research and development 6.6 expenses
Capital expenditures 48.5
Number of employees 9,798 (consolidated)
Welding
2015
Net sales 92.2
Ordinary income 8.1
Total assets 73.7
Depreciation 2.3
Research and development 2.9 expenses
Capital expenditures 2.6
Number of employees 2,564 (consolidated)
Aluminum & Copper
2015
Net sales 345.4
Ordinary income (loss) 15.1
Total assets 246.0
Depreciation 11.5
Research and development 2.6 expenses
Capital expenditures 21.2
Number of employees 6,296 (consolidated)
Machinery
2015
Net sales 159.0
Ordinary income 6.7
Total assets 158.8
Depreciation 4.3
Research and development 4.1 expenses
Capital expenditures 4.1
Number of employees 3,664 (consolidated)
Depreciation 2.3
  Research and development expenses
Capital expenditures
Number of employees (consolidated)
Construction Machinery
Net sales
Ordinary income (loss)
Total assets
1.8
4.7
2,867
2015
336.2
(11.9)
436.0
                        Depreciation 14.0
  Research and development expenses
Capital expenditures
Number of employees (consolidated)
Electric Power
Net sales
Ordinary income (loss)
Total assets
5.6
17.3
7,191
2015
76.7
17.4
102.4
                        Depreciation 7.8
  Research and development expenses
Capital expenditures
Number of employees (consolidated)
—
7.1
       * The number of employees for fiscal 2015 includes employees from the Iron & Steel Business.
  Other Businesses
    2015
2016
74.8
7.6
157.7
3.0
      Net sales 74.5
Ordinary income 7.3
Total assets 155.5
Depreciation 3.5
        Research and development expenses
Capital expenditures
Number of employees (consolidated)
0.8 0.9
3.5 4.1
2,717 2,724
2,350
      96 KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020
KOBELCO Group
Integrated Report 2020 97

 Corporate Data
Global Locations of the KOBELCO Group
The KOBELCO Group’s Expanding World Presence
UK France
Sweden
Netherlands Germany
For details on the KOBELCO Group, please visit our websites below.
Overseas and Domestic Locations
https://www.kobelco.co.jp/english/ about_kobelco/kobesteel/locations/index.html
KOBELCO Affiliated Companies
https://www.kobelco.co.jp/english/ about_kobelco/group/index.html
USA
Europe and the Middle East
Welding
Kobelco Welding of Europe AB -Sweden Kobelco Welding of Europe B.V. -Netherlands
Machinery
Quintus Technologies Holding AB -Sweden Quintus Technologies AB -Sweden Kobelco Europe GmbH -Germany
Kobelco Machinery Middle East FZE. -UAE
Engineering
Midrex UK Ltd. -UK
Kobelco Engineering Europe SARL -France Midrex Technologies Gulf Services FZCO -UAE
Construction Machinery
Main Domestic Locations*
Kobelco Construction Machinery Europe B.V. -Netherlands
Kobelco Construction Machinery Middle East & Africa FZCO. -UAE
Headquarters
Kobelco Europe GmbH -Germany
Asia and Oceania
Steel & Aluminum
Kobelco Automotive Aluminum Rolled Products (China) Co., Ltd. -Tianjin, China Jiangyin Sugita Fasten Spring Wire Co., Ltd. -Jiangsu, China
Shinko Wire (Guangzhou) Sales Co., Ltd. -Guangdong, China
Kobelco Spring Wire (Foshan) Co., Ltd. -Guangdong, China
Kobe Wire Products (Foshan) Co., Ltd. -Guangdong, China Kobelco Logistics (Shanghai) Ltd. -Shanghai, China Microfine Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. -Shanghai, China Kobe EN&M Vietnam Co., Ltd. -Vietnam
Kobe Precision Technology Sdn. Bhd. -Malaysia Kobelco Logistics India Pvt. Ltd. -India Kobelco Resources Australia Pty Ltd. -Australia
Advanced Materials
Kobe Aluminum Automotive Products (China) Co., Ltd. -Jiangsu, China Suzhou Kobe Copper Technology Co., Ltd. -Jiangsu, China
Singapore Kobe Pte. Ltd. -Singapore
Kobe Electronics Material (Thailand) Co., Ltd. -Thailand
Kobelco & Materials Copper Tube (Thailand) Co., Ltd. -Thailand Kobelco & Materials Copper Tube (M) Sdn. Bhd. -Malaysia
Welding
Kobe Welding of Shanghai Co., Ltd. -Shanghai, China
Kobe Welding of Qingdao Co., Ltd. -Shandong, China
Kobe Welding of Tangshan Co., Ltd. -Hebei, China
Kobelco Welding Marketing of Korea Co., Ltd. -Republic of Korea Kobe Welding of Korea Co., Ltd. -Republic of Korea
Kobelco Welding Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd. -Singapore Kobelco MIG Wire (Thailand) Co., Ltd. -Thailand Thai-Kobe Welding Co., Ltd. -Thailand
Thai-Kobe Welding M&D Co., Ltd. -Thailand Kobe Welding (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. -Malaysia Kobelco Welding India Pvt. Ltd. -India
Machinery
Australia
* Include the production bases of Kobelco & Materials Copper Tube Co., Ltd., Kobelco Eco-Solutions Co., Ltd., and Kobelco Construction Machinery Co., Ltd.
Construction Machinery
Hangzhou Kobelco Construction Machinery Co., Ltd. -Zhejiang, China Kobelco Construction Machinery (China) Co., Ltd. -Sichuan, China
Chengdu Kobelco Construction Machinery Financial Leasing Ltd. -Sichuan, China PT. Daya Kobelco Construction Machinery Indonesia -Indonesia
Kobelco International (S) Co., Pte. Ltd. -Singapore
Ricon Private Ltd. -Singapore
Kobelco Construction Machinery Southeast Asia Co., Ltd. -Thailand Kobelco Construction Machinery Vietnam Co., Ltd. -Vietnam Kobelco Construction Machinery Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. -Malaysia Kobelco Construction Equipment India Pvt. Ltd. -India
Kobelco Construction Machinery Australia Pty. Ltd. -Australia
Headquarters
Kobelco (China) Holding Co., Ltd. -Shanghai, China Kobelco South East Asia Ltd. -Thailand
Other Businesses
Kobelco Financial Consulting (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. -Shanghai, China Kobelco Research International (Thailand) Co., Ltd. -Thailand
North and South America
Steel & Aluminum
Kobe Coating Company -Michigan, USA
Kobe Technologies Proprietary, Inc. -Michigan, USA
Advanced Materials
Kobe Aluminum Automotive Products, LLC -Kentucky, USA Kobe Aluminum USA Inc. -Kentucky, USA
Kobe Copper Products Inc. -Michigan, USA
Kobelco Aluminum Products & Extrusions Inc. -Kentucky, USA
Welding
Kobelco Welding of America Inc. -Texas, USA
Machinery
Kobelco Advanced Coating (America), Inc. -Illinois, USA
Kobelco Compressors America, Inc. -California, USA
Kobelco Compressors Manufacturing Indiana, Inc. -Indiana, USA Kobelco Stewart Bolling, Inc. -Ohio, USA
Quintus Technologies, LLC -Ohio, USA
Kobelco Machinery do Brasil Servicos Empresariais Ltda. -Brazil
Engineering
Midrex Global Logistics, Inc. -North Carolina, USA Midrex Technologies, Inc. -North Carolina, USA
Construction Machinery
Kobelco Construction Machinery U.S.A. Inc. -Texas, USA
Headquarters
Kobe Steel USA Inc. -Michigan, USA
Other Businesses
Kobe Professional Service Inc. -Michigan, USA KSHI Stand-Alone -Michigan, USA
Kobe Steel International (USA) Inc. -New York, USA
Brazil
98 KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020
KOBELCO Group
Integrated Report 2020 99
UAE
India
Factory
China
Thailand
Cambodia
Vietnam
Singapore Malaysia
Indonesia
Japan
Chofu Works Itsukaichi
Kobe Corporate Research Laboratories
Fukuchiyama Plant
Kobelco Compressors Manufacturing (Shanghai) Corporation -Shanghai, China Quintus Technologies Co., LTD -Shanghai, China
Kobelco Machinery System Engineering (Qingdao) Co., Ltd. -Shandong, China Shinwa Wood Works (Wuxi) Co., Ltd. -Jiangsu, China
Kobelco Advanced Lube-system Asia Co., Ltd. -Republic of Korea Kobelco Machinery Asia Pte. Ltd. -Singapore
Kobelco Compressors Thailand Ltd. -Thailand
Kobelco Compressors and Machinery PHILIPPINES CO. Ltd. -Philippines Kobelco Compressors Importer Philippines Inc. -Philippines
KOBELCO MACHINERY PHILIPPINES INC. -Philippines Kobelco Compressors (Vietnam) Ltd. -Vietnam
Kobelco Compressors (Cambodia) Co., Ltd. -Cambodia Kobelco Compressors Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. -Malaysia TAC AIR ENGINEERING SDN BHD -Malaysia
Kobelco Compressors India Pvt. Ltd. -India Kobelco Industrial Machinery India Pvt. Ltd. -India Kobelco Machinery India, Pvt. Ltd. -India
Engineering
Midrex Metallurgy Technology Services (Shanghai) Ltd. -Shanghai, China Kobelco Eco-Solutions Vietnam Co., Ltd. -Vietnam
Midrex Technologies India Pvt. Ltd. -India
South Korea
Okubo Factory
Moka Plant Moka Power Plant
Ogaki Factory Daian Works
Philippines
Takasago Works
Ibaraki Plant Kobe Wire Rod & Bar Plant
Kobe Power Plant
Harima Works Harima Plant
Hatano Plant
Fujisawa Plant
Saijo Plant Numata Plant
Kakogawa Works

  Corporate Data
Corporate Data (As of March 31, 2020) Corporate Profile
Stock Information
Authorized:
Issued:
Number of Shareholders: Listings:
Transfer Agent & Office:
Head Offices / Branch Offices / Sales Offices
Our Website
Please see the Company’s website for supplementary materials for Integrated Report 2020 (data on environmental management, reduction of CO2 emissions) and more detailed information on sustainability and other matters.
   Name:
Group Brand: Founded: Incorporated: Capital: Employees:
Kobe Steel, Ltd.
(Japanese Name: Kabushiki Gaisha Kobe Seikosho)
* September 1, 1905
June 28, 1911 ¥250.9 billion
40,831 (consolidated)
11,560 (non-consolidated)
600,000,000 shares
364,364,210 shares
189,521
Tokyo Stock Exchange, First Section (Ticker Code: 5406)
Nagoya Stock Exchange, First Section (Ticker Code: 54060)
Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking Corporation
Kobe
Head Office
Tokyo
Head Office
Osaka Branch Office
Nagoya Branch Office
Hokkaido Sales Office
Tohoku Sales Office
Hokuriku Sales Office
Shikoku Sales Office
Chugoku Sales Office
Kyushu Sales Office
Okinawa Sales Office
2-4, Wakinohama-Kaigandori 2-chome, Chuo-ku, Kobe, Hyogo 651-8585, Japan
Tel: +81-78-261-5111 Fax: +81-78-261-4123
ON Building, 9-12, Kita-Shinagawa 5-chome, Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo 141-8688, Japan
Tel: +81-3-5739-6000 Fax: +81-3-5739-6903
Midosuji Mitsui Building, 1-3, Bingomachi 4-chome, Chuo-ku, Osaka, Osaka 541-8536, Japan
Tel: +81-6-6206-6111 Fax: +81-6-6206-6101
Nagoya Prime Central Tower, 27-8, Meieki 2-chome, Nishi-ku, Nagoya, Aichi 451-0045, Japan
Tel: +81-52-584-6111 Fax: +81-52-584-6105
Nippon Seimei Kitamonkan Building, 1-3, Kita-Shijo Nishi 5-chome, Chuo-ku, Sapporo, Hokkaido 060-0004, Japan
Tel: +81-11-261-9331 Fax: +81-11-251-2533
Sendai NS Building, 2-25, Ichibancho 1-chome, Aoba-ku, Sendai, Miyagi 980-0811, Japan
Tel: +81-22-261-8811 Fax: +81-22-261-0762
Urban Place, 18-7, Ushijimacho, Toyama, Toyama 930-0858, Japan
Tel: +81-76-441-4226 Fax: +81-76-442-4088
Takamatsu Kogin Building, 6-8, Bancho 1-chome, Takamatsu, Kagawa 760-0017, Japan
Tel: +81-87-823-7222 Fax: +81-87-823-7333
GRANODE Hiroshima, 5-7 Futabanosato 3-chome, Higashi-ku, Hiroshima, Hiroshima, 732-0057, Japan Tel: +81-82-258-5301 Fax: +81-82-258-5309
Shinkansen Hakata Building, 1-1, Hakataeki Chuogai, Hakata-ku, Fukuoka, Fukuoka 812-0012, Japan
Tel: +81-92-431-2211 Fax: +81-92-432-4002
Naha Shintoshin Media Building-West, 3-31, Omoromachi 1-chome, Naha, Okinawa 900-0006, Japan
Tel: +81-98-866-4923 Fax: +81-98-869-6185
     * KOBELCO is an international unified trademark established in 1979 to represent the KOBELCO Group with the aim of giving form to the Group Corporate Philosophy, and thereby fostering a sense of solidarity within the Group, while building greater recognition and trust among stakeholders.
   Major Shareholders (10 largest shareholders) (As of March 31, 2020)
Breakdown of Shareholders by Investor TypeName of ShareholderNumber of Shares Held (Thousands of shares)Shareholding Ratio (%)  The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account)
Nippon Steel Corporation
Nippon Life Insurance Company
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account)
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account 9)
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account 5)
BNYMSANV AS AGENT/CLIENTS LUX UCITS NON TREATY 1
JP MORGAN CHASE BANK 385151
Sojitz Corporation
SHIMABUN Corporation
17,933
4.93
(As of March 31, 2020) 2.10%
16.99%
18.46%
26.74%
35.71%
  10,735 2.95
 10,119
8,956
8,379
2.78
2.46
2.30
Investor Relations
https://www.kobelco.co.jp/english/ir/
Sustainability Management
https://www.kobelco.co.jp/english/about_kobelco/csr/
Supplementary Materials for Integrated Report 2020 https://www.kobelco.co.jp/english/about_kobelco/ outline/integrated-reports/subordinate2020/index.html
    7,365 2.02
6,680 1.83
5,166 1.42
Japanese financial institutions Japanese individuals and others Foreign investors
Other Japanese corporations Securities companies
Volume (million)
1,500
1,200
900
600
300
     4,502
4,410
1.24
1.21
   * Kobe Steel holds 245 thousand of its own shares in treasury stock. Treasury stock is excluded in the calculation of the major shareholders’ shareholding ratio in the Company.
Trends in Stock Price and Volume
   Kobe Steel
250
200
150
100
50
TOPIX
         00 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 (FY)
*1 Kobe Steel’s share price and TOPIX are indexed with closing prices in March 2015 equal to 100.
*2 The Company carried out a 1-for-10 reverse stock split of its shares on October 1, 2016. Stock price and volume have been recalculated based on the assumption that the reverse
stock split was carried out at the beginning of fiscal 2015.
Inquiries
Corporate Communications Department, Kobe Steel, Ltd.
Please refer to the website below for an introduction to Kobe Steel, Ltd.’s business locations in Japan. https://www.kobelco.co.jp/english/
about_kobelco/kobesteel/locations/ domestic/index.html
 Please tell us your opinion of this report.
Questionnaire
         100 KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020
KOBELCO Group
Integrated Report 2020 101