Appointment as Director in Charge of Technical Development
I have worked for many years at Kakogawa Works, and my most cher- ished memory is my second year after joining the Company, when I was put in charge of constructing an electrolytic cleaning line at the cold strip mill. I felt this was beyond my skills at the time. During this period, I gained experience in all aspects of the construction process, from drafting pro- curement specifications, talking with manufacturers, finalizing specifica- tions, and managing on-site construction to conducting trial runs, with support from superiors behind the scenes. It was Kobe Steel’s DNA handed down from one generation to another in the training of new employees. Veterans were always there to guide young people, taking time and effort. This experience has been a backbone for me to this day. Through the development of technology, I believe we can pass our DNA of “taking care of and training people” on to the next generation.
The business environment has become even more challenging than before. In fiscal 2020, Kobe Steel is focusing on development projects that will reinforce the business foundation and lead to stronger earnings, while also making steady progress on the development of technologies for future growth.
Advancing Sustainability Management Based on the Group Corporate Philosophy
The KOBELCO Group has been promoting initiatives to fulfill the needs of customers in existing markets, but in the future we will work harder to solve social issues by leveraging the intellectual assets we have accumu- lated through the development of diverse businesses.
To this end, our key initiatives will be to (1) leverage synergies among our technological assets that support our unique product lines and advanced monozukuri* capabilities, as well as (2) gather ideas and plant the seeds for new technologies, products, and services that will lay the foundation for potential business growth in the future.
Regarding the former, Kobe Steel intends to create new value by marshal- ing its technological assets across the Group, like the Companywide activi- ties underway to achieve its strategy for reducing the weight of automobiles. Regarding the latter, we aim to create new technologies and businesses that will carry us into the future, while setting key priorities for utilizing ICT and AI, electrifying transportation equipment, and reducing CO2 emissions.
There is a tendency to focus on only the development part of techno- logical development, but in reality it relates to all aspects of the develop- ment, manufacturing and selling process. Kobe Steel will boost earnings by reinforcing its monozukuri capabilities through connections between manufacturing and technologies, and create new value with an open mind by having technological development linked to the front lines that are addressing social needs. * Craftsmanship in manufacturing
 For the purpose of disseminating information, facilitating co-creation with customers, and promoting the fusion of technolo- gies of the KOBELCO Group, we are proactively setting up venues and opportunities to accurately identify the needs of customers and create more valuable ideas together with them, as exemplified by KoCoLab.
Technology Showroom: KOBELCO Co-creation Laboratory (KoCoLab)
Automotive Joining Technology Showroom
Machinery Business Product Showroom (KoMPass)
The KOBELCO Group’s Technology Exhibitions were held at the head offices and plants of automakers and parts manufacturers that are our customers, creating a venue for introducing our technologies, products, and services that help reduce the weight of automobiles.KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020 47

We aim to create new technologies, products, and services that satisfy our customers.
• We are strengthening the 21 core technologies that form the technological assets supporting the creation of distinctive products and our advanced monozukuri capabili-
ties. Our co-creation initiatives with customers also lead to the creation of new value.
• We endeavor to create new technologies and businesses that will support the KOBELCO Group in the future, and
have set as key priorities the transportation equipment field, CO2 emissions reduction, and ICT and AI utilization.

The Technical Development Group has dedicated many years to building up a broad base of technologies through research and development activities for diverse businesses that cover materials, machinery, and electric power. The technological assets that support the creation of distinctive products and our advanced manufacturing capabilities can be classified into the following 21 core technologies.
While working to strengthen these core technologies, Kobe Steel will endeavor to create new value for its customers.