The KOBELCO Group’s Value Creation
Mission Story
Electric Power Business
Review of Fiscal 2019 and Key Measures for Fiscal 2020
Fiscal 2019 was a remarkable year for the electric power business with operations starting up as planned for the No. 1 and No. 2 units at the Moka Power Plant, Japan’s first full-fledged inland thermal power plant. At the same time, the No. 1 and No. 2 units at the Kobe Power Plant continued to operate reliably, and progress was made on the new projects at the Kobe Power Plant, the No. 3 and No. 4 units, as scheduled. In fiscal 2019, we are pleased to report the business booked ordinary income of ¥8.9 billion.
Lately, in the face of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have been taking thorough measures to ensure stable operations of the No. 1 and No. 2 units at the Kobe Power Plant and the No. 1 and No. 2 units at the Moka Power Plant, two large-scale power plants that are a cornerstone of social infrastructure. There have been no delays in the construction of the No. 3 and No. 4 units at the Kobe Power Plant, and we continue to prepare for the start-up of full operations in fiscal 2022.
In fiscal 2020, we are continuing to shore up support for earnings with stable operations of the No. 1 and No. 2 units at the Kobe Power Plant and the No. 1 and No. 2 units at the Moka Power Plant and are carrying out the con- struction of the No. 3 and No. 4 units at the Kobe Power Plant as planned.
Advancing Sustainability Management Based on the Group Corporate Philosophy
In May, management formulated the Group Corporate Philosophy and defined KOBELCO’s Mission, which states “Our mission is to provide solu- tions to the needs of society, by making the best use of the talents of our employees and our technologies.”
Amid changes in the world energy landscape and growing concern about climate change, resource-poor Japan must tackle the enormous question of how to realize a low-carbon society while ensuring the stable supply of energy.
Heeding this national policy, I believe our electric power business must strengthen efforts to further reduce carbon emissions from its thermal power plants. We must ensure stable operations at the Kobe Power Plant, a clean and highly efficient urban power plant that makes us proud, and the inland Moka Power Plant, which adds to the resiliency of the nation.
We have employed the supercritical pressure power generation system for the No. 1 and No. 2 units of the Kobe Power Plant, which is currently in operation. Being located in an urban area, the power plant transmits power with extremely low loss and utilizes world-class environmental equipment. It supplies heating using waste heat as well. From these fac- tors, we consider that the total energy efficiency of the facilities is very high. While stably supplying highly economical electric power over the long term, we are moving toward low-carbon power generation in collaboration with the engineering business to convert wastewater sludge into biomass fuel. We aim to make safe, secure, and prosperous lifestyles a possibility for everyone by contributing to regional society and the global environment. I look forward to examining a broad range of initiatives when the new Medium-Term Management Plan is formulated.
 Market environment, growth opportunities and risksStrengths and market positionInitiatives to address issues, growth strategiesVision, solutions for social issuesNo.1to4units at Kobe Power PlantMarket environment: (1) Making coal more efficient and headwinds
• The national government has started
creating a framework to spur the fading out of inefficient coal-fired power plants in line with its Strategic Energy Plan toward 2030. While ensuring the stable supply of energy, the introduction of new, more effective frameworks is being considered in order for us to move closer to a decar- bonized society.
• Around the world, coal-fired power plants tend to be seen as hampering efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
In the Strategic Energy Plan, coal is positioned as a fuel for critical base load power sources, thanks to reli- able sources of supply and excellent economic viability, calling for coal to be used while increasing efficiency further. ( p. 46)
Market environment: (2) Changes in the energy landscape
• Tougher sales competition in electric
power and invigoration of wholesale market, triggered by full liberalization of retail market and other reforms to electric power systems
• Downtrend in prices in the wholesale electricity market, owing to a large influx of solar power and other forms of renewable energy
• Greater awareness of saving and conserving energy, emergence of new electric power providers
Demand for stable sources of electric power with excellent economic viability
(3) Risks to stable operations
• Risk of degradation in facility perfor- mance due to aging of the Kobe Power Plant
• Risk of early stage equipment mal- functions at the Moka Power Plant• Installation of high-efficiency power generation systems
• One of the largest power plants in Japan, helps improve electric power self-sufficiency of Kobe City and Hanshin region
• Low-emission power plant that satisfies toughest environmental standards in Japan
• Urban power plant with little power transmission loss
• Supplies heating from waste heat
• Effectively uses wastewater sludge from urban areas
• Effectively deploys opera- tional technologies accu- mulated to date, utilizes infrastructure of port facilities(1) Making coal more efficient and headwinds
• The Company’s power genera-
tion facilities are designed to satisfy the power generation efficiency standards in the Energy Conservation Act based on the nation’s Strategic Energy Plan. Our business activities follow national policy and laws governing electric power companies.
• The Kobe Power Plant is located near sources of demand for electric power in urban areas with little power transmission loss. It is able to efficiently deliver clean electric power while imple- menting best-in-class environ- mental protection measures.
• The Kobe Power Plant is one of only a few facilities in Japan that is able to supply heating from its waste heat, achieving high overall energy efficiency.
• The Kobe Power Plant is working on plans to use biomass fuel derived from wastewater sludge and install hydrogen refueling stations.
• Contributes to nation’s energy policy by reliably supplying eco- nomically viable energy to regional society
• Contributes to realization of low-carbon society by reduc- ing CO2 emis- sions through use of underuti- lized energy in regionsNo.1and2 units at Moka Power Plant• As Japan’s first inland thermal power plant, low risk of damage from earth- quakes and tsunamis, acts as backup to Tokyo metro- politan area
• Employs world’s highest levels of efficiency in gas turbine combined cycling
• Uses existing infrastructure such as gas trunk lines and industrial complexes that have already been devel- oped, as well as technolo- gies and know-how accumulated from opera- tion of in-house power generation facilitiesBy taking the above measures, contributes to increasing the efficiency of coal and LNG-fired power plants, which are impor- tant sources in the energy source mix as specified by Japan’s Strategic Energy Plan, and takes steps in line with the nation’s policy to combat global warming
(2) Changes in energy landscape
• All of the electricity generated by the Company’s power plants is supplied on a wholesale basis to electric power companies and gas companies based on long- term contracts.
• Effective use of infrastructure at port facilities in Kobe in particular, and deployment of power plant operational technologies accu- mulated to date
Reliable, long-term supply of electric power with excellent economic viability
(3) Risks to stable operations
• Takes appropriate measures to prevent risks
Makes every effort to reliably maintain facilities with advanced methods that use IT systems, collaborate with research labs, and study examples of prob- lems at other companies  Jiro Kitagawa
Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer
 Earnings Forecasts*
* This refers to the earnings forecasts that we disclosed at the “Initiatives in the Electric Power Business” briefing held in January 2017. Earnings forecasts for each fiscal year include head office expenses of around ¥2 billion to ¥3 billion. The Company expects temporary upfront expenses to arise until the new power generation units go into operation.
Begin operation of Moka No. 2 unit (March 2020)
FY2020 (Plan)
Begin operation of Kobe No. 3 unit (FY2021)
FY2021 (Plan)
Begin operation of Kobe No. 4 unit (FY2022)
FY2022 (Plan)
Around ¥40 billion
No. 3 & 4 units in Kobe
No. 1 & 2 units in Kobe
No.1&2units in Moka
FY2023 (Plan)
  Switch to new contract for Kobe No. 1 unit (April 2017)
FY2017 (Results)
Switch to new contract for Kobe No. 2 unit (April 2019)
Begin operation of Moka No. 1 unit (October 2019)
          44 KOBELCO Group
Integrated Report 2020
KOBELCO Group
Integrated Report 2020 45

National Energy Policy
Starting with the basic premise of energy security, Japan’s Strategic Energy Plan calls for a diverse mix of power sources to simultaneously achieve a reliable supply of energy, eco- nomic viability, and environmental conservation.
The plan designates coal-fired power plants as an impor- tant baseload source for electricity due to coal’s advantages in terms of reliable supply and economic viability. The gov- ernment envisions coal-fired power plants generating 26% of Japan’s total electricity in 2030, while promoting the updates of existing plants with the latest high-efficiency power generation equipment using the best available tech- niques (BAT). The Energy Conservation Act was revised to ensure steady progress toward achieving this goal, while mandating that electric power producers reach an average power generation efficiency standard of at least 44.3% by fiscal 2030 through improvements to the efficiency of their thermal power plants.Social Significance of the Electric Power Business
environmental considerations, by supplying heating using the waste heat from its power generation facilities and by realizing its plans for installing hydrogen refueling stations and using wastewater sludge as biomass fuel.
Moka Power Plant
The No. 1 and No. 2 units of the Moka Power Plant began operation in fiscal 2019. These units deploy a cutting-edge gas turbine combined cycle power generation system and generate electricity at the highest level of efficiency in Japan, using city gas as fuel.
The Moka Power Plant is Japan’s first inland full-fledged thermal power plant, located in a safe area with low probabil- ity of earthquakes and zero risk of damage from tsunamis. With this dispersion of risks, the Cabinet Secretariat selected the Moka Power Plant as an example of improving the resil- iency of the nation and its energy infrastructure. The Moka Power Plant also contributes to increasing the electricity self- sufficiency of Tochigi Prefecture.Moka Power Plant (Gas fired)Kobe Power Plant (Coal fired)
  Targeted Energy Source Mix for FY2030 (%)
Strengthen national resilience
Distinctive urban power plantJapan’s first inland thermal power plant Power source that helps strengthen resilience of electricity infrastructureHighest environmental standardsReduce power transmission lossEffectively use underutilized energyInstall equipment with BAT
Adhere to the Act on the Rational Use of Energy (Energy Conservation Act)Coal 30Natural Gas 43FY2013 11 1
Higher-Efficiency Thermal Power Plants
15 Oil 3
 FY2030 Renewable energy Nuclear power 22–24 20–22
Source: Kobe Steel, based on public data from the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry
Kobe Steel’s Aims
In accordance with the nation’s energy goals, Kobe Steel con- tributes to the effort to increase the efficiency of thermal power plants by installing high-efficiency power generation equip- ment that conforms to BAT and satisfies the power generation efficiency standard set in the Energy Conservation Act.
Kobe Power Plant
The No. 1 and No. 2 units currently operating at the Kobe Power Plant and the No. 3 and No. 4 units under construc- tion are capable of reliably supplying electric power with excellent economic viability, owing to the coal infrastructure at the Kobe Wire Rod & Bar Plant and our know-how in coal-fired power generation accumulated from operating in-house power generation facilities.
The Kobe Power Plant is located in an urban area close to sources of demand and implements high standards in envi- ronmental measures, enabling the highly efficient supply of clean electric power with little power transmission loss, thereby contributing to higher self-sufficiency in electric power for cities in the region. The power plant is resilient to earthquakes and tsunamis, thereby contributing to the devel- opment of communities resilient to natural disasters through more robust electric power infrastructure for major cities.
The Kobe Power Plant aims to be a highly efficient urban power plant that serves as a model to the world in terms of
Increase efficiency and reduce environmental impact
Contribute to nation’s energy policy
TOPICS
  Start of commercial operations at Moka Power Plant
No. 1 unit: Started operations in October 2019 No. 2 unit: Started operations in March 2020
 46 KOBELCO Group Integrated Report 2020
Coal Natural Gas 26 27
Outline
Location:
Power generation capacity: Power generation method:
Fuel:
Power generation efficiency:
Contract partner:
Features
Moka, Tochigi Prefecture 1,248 MW (624 MW x 2) Gas turbine combined cycle generation
City gas
About 60% (lower heating value basis)
Tokyo Gas Co., Ltd.
(wholesale supply of entire amount for 15 years)
 Japan’s first large-scale inland thermal power plant, introduced by the Cabinet Secretariat as a model private-sector initiative to strengthen national resilience
Covers about 40% of the maximum power demand in Tochigi Prefecture (increasing prefectural electricity self-sufficiency to 70%) Highly efficient with gas turbine combined cycle power genera- tion system