In order to ensure that all our products and services are safe and reliable, Duskin’s quality assurance framework works from development to after launch. Our Product Inspection department acts as an outside independent group to conduct assessments, inspections and to monitor the quality of all products. The Quality Assurance Control department is responsible for checking the safety of products and raw materials, the development of a quality assurance system and management of its operations.
During the development phase, the safety and reliability of products and services are objectively reviewed, prior to launch, at the development meetings. For the development of new food products and services and their specification changes, internal rules require we ensure safety at a meeting of the Safety Council.
Following a launch, we maintain our established levels of quality by conducting regular and spot quality checks on products in distribution.

For the food processing plants our Food Group contracts for processing raw materials or products, the Quality Assurance & Risk Management team conducts inspections of new contractors before transactions, inspection of their production operation and periodic inspections of all contractors.
Our inspection specialists for food processing plants conduct comprehensive quality inspections with more than 400 items on our checklist for facility management, process management, sanitary management and production management. All plants are evaluated and ranked by the results of inspections, product specifications and characteristics, evaluation of aging equipment/facilities and complaints. Periodic inspections are conducted regularly (one to three years) depending on the plants’ rankings.


Palm oil is extracted from the fruit of the oil palm. There have been worldwide concerns about the oil palm plantation which could lead to destruction of rain forests. Duskin works with our partner suppliers to ensure responsible procurement of such materials.
In November 2017, Duskin, along with our trading company and manufacturer, inspected a palm plantation and oil mill and conducted a regular auditing at oil manufacturing plants in Johor, Malaysia.