Human resource development
Duskin organizes a variety of educational and training opportunities in order to develop understanding of our management philosophy, Prayerful Management, which guides all the employees. To enable each of our employees to effectively fulfill their designated role with enhanced knowledge and skills, Duskin offers rank-specific training for new and existing employees. We also focus on the development of Area Managers who support and lead franchisees. Furthermore, we place value on individual self-development and encourage employees to acquire official certifications and take additional coursework outside the company.
In FY2017, a total of 15,431 employees participated in education and training programs to enhance their knowledge and skills.
Diversity
Duskin believes in establishing workplaces where employees respect each other, and are respected, regardless of gender, age, nationality, career, lifestyles, or any other factor so that all employees are able to exert their talents to the fullest of their potential. In this environment, we are prepared to respond to the changing business environment and to diversifying customer needs, which also enables us to increase our value and competitive advantage.
In regards to gender diversity, our goal is to make sure women are in at least 8.0% of our managerial positions.

Work-life balance
Duskin has been implementing a variety of measures to decrease long working hours and promote work-life balance.
Initiatives
● Report on the actual situation of overtime work at the Board of Directors
● Reduce long working hours in each department
● Conduct No Overtime Work Day at least once a month
● Turn off the lights at six p.m. at Duskin’s head office building ● Implement Four-Leaf-Clover Day Campaign (Leave the Office
Early Day Campaign)
Total annual hours worked per employee (Duskin, non-consolidated)

Duskin was approved by Tokyo, Kanagawa, and Osaka as a specified business organization for the Project to Accept Foreigners Conducting Housekeeping Services in National Strategic Special Zones and started to hire non-Japanese women for service positions.
Those employees started serving customers after completing our service attitudes and skills training programs. We are committed to providing opportunities for women: for those entering the workforce from overseas, and for professional women whose lives are made easier by hiring our expert cleaning services.
