Clean Up My Town is a Duskin-sponsored nationwide initiative to pick up trash at local event sites, following our environmental commitment statement, Sowing the Seeds of Ecological Responsibility for the Future. This cleaning campaign, initiated in 2006, has attracted a total of 290,000 participants.
In 2017, a volunteer cleaning activity at a World Heritage site began. Children who joined in the cleaning enjoyed the opportunity to learn the significance of maintaining cleanliness at a World Heritage site.

Sow the Seeds of Cleanliness on-site classroom
Our Sow the Seeds of Cleanliness Classroom, started in 2012, is an on-site lesson targeted at elementary school children. In a 45-minute lesson, we help children learn what dust and dirt are, discuss why cleaning is necessary, and demonstrate the correct use of dust cloths, brooms and other cleaning tools. This program was held at 1,988 schools nationwide for a total of 176,624 children educated as of March 2018.
For our next step, we will develop a new classroom program of school cleaning procedure and convey the importance of cleaning to children in local communities.

The Duskin AINOWA Foundation
The Duskin AINOWA Foundation was founded in 1981, the year the United Nations designated as the International Year of the Disabled. Currently, the Foundation has approximately 189,000 members. At the shops and restaurants of our Food Group, Duskin AINOWA membership leaflets and donation boxes are placed by the cashier to encourage greater participation in our activities.
The Foundation has been conducting two major programs. One is a program that enables people with disabilities to study abroad. This program provides opportunities for leaders who wish to develop skills to contribute more to their local communities. For 37 years since its founding, a total of 504 trainees have studied abroad.
The other program, started in 1999, invites select young people with disabilities from Asian-Pacific nations to Japan to receive training to learn
about the welfare and
programs for people with disabilities. During the past 19 years, a total of 132 trainees from 27 countries and regions have been trained in Japan, and are now playing active roles in their homelands.