  ENEOS REPORT
April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021
Integrated Report
2021
                         EV H2
            ENEOS REPORT

 Toward Our Long-Term Vision to 2040
The ENEOS Group announced its Long-Term Vision to 2040 in 2019 and is now moving forward with measures to achieve the envisioned goals in this vision. As an energy and materials company group, contributing to the development of a low-carbon, recycling-oriented society is one of our top priorities.
We are accelerating our efforts to strengthen our management foundation and reform our business structure by strengthening the competitiveness of our base businesses and developing and strengthening our growth businesses.
  Become one of the most prominent and internationally competitive energy and materials company groups in Asia
The ENEOS Group, as one of the most prominent and internationally competitive energy and materials company groups in Asia, will contribute to the development of our communities and help to ensure a vibrant future by optimizing our value chain and efficiently providing a stable supply of products and services.
Envisioned Goals
Create value by transforming our current business structure
The ENEOS Group will create new value by expanding our growing businesses globally, enhancing our technology-based business, and establishing innovative businesses, taking opportunities arising from digital transformation and changes in social needs.
Contribute to the development of
a low-carbon, recycling-oriented society
The ENEOS Group will contribute to the development of a low-carbon, recycling-oriented society through the enhancement of environmentally conscious businesses and the pursuit of carbon neutral status in its own CO2 emissions.
             1 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021

   Overview of Our Future Businesses
Building a business portfolio to achieve our envisioned goals
Pursue both strategic growth and cash flow maximization
Add high value to petroleum
Petrochemicals
Oil and Natural Gas E&P
Note: Bubbles show 2040 business portfolio image. Partially revised in May 2020.
    Enhance our technological capabilities
Materials Electronic materials, etc.
Petroleum Refining & Marketing
Act as a platform provider
Community Services
    Next-Generation Energy Supply
Environmentally Conscious Businesses
Contribute to the development of
a low-carbon, recycling-oriented society
Metal Resources Development, Copper Smelting and Refining
  2019
Stable supply of energy and optimization of the value chain
Create value by transforming our current business structure 2040
                ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021 2
Expectation
Growth businesses Strategic investment
Base businesses Maximize cash flows

 To Our Stakeholders
Ota Katsuyuki
Representative Director, President
3 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021
Sugimori Tsutomu
Representative Director, Chairman of the Board, Group CEO
 
 To Our Stakeholders
Contents / Editorial Policy and Disclosure Media Framework / Part I Part II Financial and ENEOS Group Philosophy Value Creation Story ESG Management Corporate Data
First of all, we would like to express our appreciation to our stakeholders for your ongoing support.
In fiscal 2020, we launched our second Medium-Term Management Plan, aimed at achieving our Long-Term Vision to 2040. We have been continuously working to strengthen the business foundation, a basic policy of the first Medium-Term Management Plan, while also endeavoring to develop and strengthen our growth businesses.
The business environment surrounding the ENEOS Group is changing rapidly. These changes include the acceleration of the worldwide trend toward a decarbonized, recycling-oriented society. Additionally, the impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic have become even more challenging and protracted than anticipated.
In the Integrated Report 2021, we clarify the challenges and measures put into place to achieve the Long-Term Vision in the midst of this dramatically changing business environment, and also report on our progress to date. The report also contains information on material ESG issues that we have reviewed based on the Group’s current situation and the state of society. Going forward, we will continue our disclosures in order to provide our stakeholders with ample information that is clear, concise and easily accessible.
To remain an essential company in the future, we will continue to fulfill our social mission of providing a stable supply of the energy and materials that are vital to our everyday lives and the economy, while accelerating structural reforms with an eye toward sustainable, stable growth.
We ask for your continued support. September 2021
Sugimori Tsutomu
Representative Director,
Chairman of the Board, Group CEO ENEOS Holdings, Inc.
Ota Katsuyuki
Representative Director, President ENEOS Holdings, Inc.
  ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021 404

Contents
Introduction 1 To Our Stakeholders 3 Contents / Editorial Policy 5 ENEOS Group Philosophy 6
Part I
Value Creation Story 7 A Look Back on the ENEOS Group’s History 9 Our Businesses and Strengths 11 Growth Strategy and Value Created 13 Interview with the President 15 Progress of Second Medium-Term Management Plan
Business-Specific Strategies
Energy Business 21 Oil and Natural Gas E&P Business 25 Metals Business 27
Special Feature
Contributing to a Decarbonized, Recycling-Oriented Society
The Future Business Vision of the ENEOS Group 31 Message from the Executive Officer Responsible
for the Finance and Investor Relations Departments 33 Financial and Non-Financial Highlights 37
Part II
ESG Management 41 ESG Management
Editorial Policy
In this report, which was developed with reference to the Guidance for Collaborative Value Creation, published by Japan’s Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry, we focus on the progress of our second Medium-Term Management Plan (FY2020-2022), a milestone of our Long-Term Vision to 2040, as well as initiatives for strengthening the competitiveness of our base businesses and developing and strengthening our growth businesses.
The report also includes details of our ESG man- agement, in which we reflect material management issues into management and business strategies from an ESG standpoint, while also strengthening our business foundation. In addition, based on the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclo- sures (TCFD), we have included more information regard- ing our response to climate change, a material manage- ment issue of the ENEOS Group.
Our website features comprehensive and detailed information on the Group’s business activities, financial information and ESG initiatives, including this report. We will continue to disclose clear and concise information to promote and strengthen dialogue with our stakehold- ers, including investors, as we work
to further enhance our corporate value and create social value.
This report covers the period from April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021.
Disclosure Media Framework
                  ESG Management Structure
Environmental Initiatives
Special Feature
Contributing to a Decarbonized Society
Our Response to Climate Change Risks and Opportunities Development of a Recycling-Oriented Society
Social Initiatives
43
47
53
     Financial information
Non-financial (ESG) information
 Integrated Report
Concise explanation of medium- to long-term growth strategy (value creation story)
  Website Investor Relations
Information on investor relations
Website
ESG
More detailed and comprehensive information on ESG
 Ensuring Safety 54 Respect for Human Rights 55 Human Resource Development 56 Healthy Work Environment / Health 57
Corporate Governance 58 Message from an Outside Director 68 Executives 69
Financial and Corporate Data
At a Glance 73 Performance Summary 77 Investor Information 79 Investor Relations (IR) Activities 80 Company Overview 81
Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
         Non-financial (ESG) information of principal operating companies Disclosure of detailed ESG information for each company
    ENEOS
website
 JX Nippon Oil & Gas Exploration website
 JX Nippon Mining & Metals
Sustainability Report, website
   This integrated report contains certain forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those reflected in any forward-looking statement due to various factors, which include, but are not limited to, the following: (1) macroeconomic conditions and changes in the competitive environment in the energy, resources, and materials industries; (2) the impact of COVID-19 on economic activity; (3) changes in laws and regulations; and (4) risks related to litigation and other legal proceedings.
5 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021

 To Our Stakeholders
Contents / Editorial Policy and Disclosure Media Framework / Part I Part II Financial and ENEOS Group Philosophy Value Creation Story ESG Management Corporate Data
ENEOS Group Philosophy
Mission
  Harnessing the Earth’s power for the common good and for the day-to-day life of each individual, we will contribute to the development of our communities and help to ensure a vibrant future through creation and innovation in energy, resources, and materials.
 As a member of the community
High ethical standards
Based on our core principles of integrity and fairness,
we conduct all of our business activities in accordance with our high ethical standards.
Health, safety and environment
We give the highest priority to health, safety and environmental initiatives, which are vital to the well-being of all living things.
Our Five Core Values
Supporting day-to-day life
Focus on customers
We strive to meet the expectations and evolving needs of our valued customers and of society as a whole through the stable provision of products and services while creating new value as only we can.
For a vibrant future
Taking on challenges
Taking changes in stride,
we rise to the challenge of creating new value while seeking innovative solutions for today and tomorrow.
Moving forward
Looking to the future, we continue to grow, both as individuals and as a company, through the personal and professional development of each and every employee.
    Positioning of the ENEOS Group Philosophy, Code of Conduct and Company Rules
The ENEOS Group Philosophy reflects a commitment that must be realized by everyone working at the ENEOS Group through our business activities. The Group Code of Conduct is a set of standards to be practiced in order to realize our Group Philosophy and fulfill our responsibilities to society. Various policies complement the Code of Conduct. We have also established corporate regulations that underpin our Group Philosophy, Code of Conduct and policies.
  • Disclosure Policy:
• Tax Matters Policy:
• Anti-Corruption Policy:
• Human Rights Policy:
• Competition Law Compliance Policy:
ENEOS Group Philosophy
Mission
Our Five Core Values
ENEOS Group Code of Conduct
Various policies
Corporate regulations and policies
ENEOS Group Policies
https://www.hd.eneos.co.jp/english/disclosure/ https://www.hd.eneos.co.jp/english/company/system/tax.html https://www.hd.eneos.co.jp/english/company/policy/anti_corruption.html https://www.hd.eneos.co.jp/english/company/policy/human_rights.html https://www.hd.eneos.co.jp/english/company/policy/competition_law/index.html
ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021 6

 Part I
     Value Creation Story
We will realize the ENEOS Group Philosophy by establishing management and business strategies, based on risks and business opportunities, and creating economic value and social value through our businesses.
A Look Back on the
ENEOS Group’s History 9
Our Businesses and Strengths 11 Growth Strategy and Value Created 13 Interview with the President 15
        7 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021

      Progress of Second Medium-Term Management Plan
Business-Specific Strategies
Energy Business 21 Oil and Natural Gas E&P Business 25 Metals Business 27
    Special Feature:
Contributing to a Decarbonized, Recycling-Oriented Society
The Future Business Vision of the ENEOS Group
31
    Message from the Executive Officer Responsible for the Finance and
Investor Relations Departments 33
Financial and Non-Financial Highlights 37
   ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021 8

 A Look Back on the ENEOS Group’s History
To achieve our Long-Term Vision, we are working to enhance the competitiveness of our base businesses, and develop and strengthen our growth businesses.
1880s–
Meiji era: Dawn of Japan’s industrial development
1940s–
Period of rapid economic growth
2000s–
Maturation of international market and new challenges
Energy Business Oil and Natural Gas Exploration and Production (E&P) Business Metals Business
Entire Group
      Start of crude oil production, oil refining and sales, and copper mining and smelting operations in Japan
1888 •Established Nippon Oil, began crude oil production in Niigata Prefecture
1893 •Standard Oil Co. of New York and Standard Vacuum Oil Company
commenced sales of heating oil and lubricants in Yokohama
1905 •Established Hitachi Mine 1916 •Opened Saganoseki Smelter and
Refinery
1919 •Opened first service station (SS) in Japan
1933 •Successfully extracted crude oil in Akita Prefecture
Saganoseki Smelter and Refinery
1964 •Opened Kurami Works (functional materials) 1970 •Completed Saganoseki No. 1 Flash Furnace
(copper smelting)
•Expanded domestic SS network (number of SS: approx. 13,000)
•Opened refineries nationwide
in Japan (number of refineries: 10)
1973 •Started production at Mubarraz oil field in the UAE
1985 •Opened Isohara Works (thin film materials)
1990 •Acquired gas field interests in Papua New Guinea
•Started production at Escondida Copper Mine in Chile
1994 •Acquired development and exploration interests in the UK
1998 •Removal of restrictions on self-service SS
1999 •Invested in LS-Nikko Copper of South Korea (copper smelting)
2000 •Started production at Los Pelambres Copper Mine in Chile
2001 •Established the ENEOS brand 2003 •Started production at SK10
(Helang gas field) in Malaysia
2008 •Started power generation at Kawasaki Natural Gas Power
Generation Plant
2008–2012
9 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021
Growth of E&P, response to deregulation of the domestic oil business, participation in overseas mining projects, and growth of the electronic materials business
Consolidation of Japan’s oil industry and movement toward new business domains due to decline in domestic oil demand
2009 2011
2013 2014
•Expanded Hitachi Metal Recycling Complex (HMC)
•Started production at Tangguh LNG in Indonesia
•Opened JX Metals Precision Technology Kakegawa Works (functional materials)
•Started production at Caserones Copper Mine in Chile
•Installed mega solar facilities (21 locations, 49,000 kW as of June 2021)
•Started production at PNG LNG in Papua New Guinea
•Started production at Ulsan Aromatics in South Korea (overseas petrochemicals business)
•Sequentially opened hydrogen stations (46 locations as of August 2021)
   Strengthening supply capability to respond to rapidly growing demand for resources and energy
 Dr. Drive Self-Service Ebina Chuo (includes hydrogen station)
2016 •Started ENEOS Denki* electricity retail business for homes
 * “Denki” means “electricity” in Japanese. Note: For more information about our history up to the establishment of ENEOS Holdings, see pages 81 to 82.

  To Our Stakeholders
2017–
Establishment of JXTG Holdings
2017–2019
2020 Change of trade name to ENEOS
Change in Group management structure
2018 •Acquired tantalum and 2019 niobium business
High-purity tantalum powder
Launched accelerator program for new business creation
•Started commercial production at Beryl gas field off the coast of Sarawak, Malaysia
  Established a stable financial base by pursuing synergies of business integration and enhancing the profitability of base businesses
2017
Established the JXTG Group •Started operation of CO2-EOR
(enhanced oil recovery) project in the US
CO2 recovery plant in the US
•Started commercial production at Layang oil and gas field off the coast of Sarawak, Malaysia
Contents / Editorial Policy and Disclosure Media Framework / ENEOS Group Philosophy
Part II Financial and ESG Management Corporate Data
On the way to becoming one of the most prominent and internationally competitive energy and materials company groups in Asia
Announced the Long-Term Vision to 2040 •Successfully verified the world’s first
technology for low-cost CO2-free hydrogen •Integrated SS brands into the ENEOS brand •Started ENEOS Toshi Gas (city gas) retail
business for homes
•Decided to participate in an offshore wind
power project in Taiwan
•Decided to participate in a natural gas fired
thermal power plant project in Ohio, USA •Started production at Mariner oil field and
Culzean gas field in the UK North Sea Signed statement of support for the TCFD
recommendations
Oil and Natural Gas Exploration and Production Business
Growth businesses
2021 •Executed a joint study agreement for an Australian offshore CO2 capture and storage hub project
Base businesses
2020 •Started oil production at Helang gas field off the coast of Sarawak, Malaysia
Metals Business
Growth businesses
2020 •Completed facility expansion to raise production capacity for treated rolled copper foil, high-functionality copper alloy strips and sputtering targets for semiconductors
2020 onward
Energy Business
Growth businesses
2020 •Started commercial operation of Muroran biomass power plant
•Concluded a basic agreement with Shizuoka Prefecture for next-generation energy and community development in the Sodeshi area of Shimizu, Shizuoka City (also concluded with Shizuoka City in 2021)
•Participation in a wind power project offshore of Happo Town and Noshiro City in Akita Prefecture
•Started ENEOS Laundry, laundromats attached to service stations •Participation in a solar power generation project in Ako District,
2021 •Started verification trial for an ultra-compact-EV sharing service
•Decided to enhance production capacity for semiconductor sputtering targets
Part I
Value Creation Story
    Further development of growth businesses to achieve our Long-Term Vision
      Hyogo Prefecture
2021 •Established a new company in Europe for LiB recycling and battery materials projects
  •
•Started ENEOS Car Lease throughout Japan
Base businesses
2020 •Acquired full rights and interests in the Caserones Copper Mine
•Decided to establish a logistics base for receiving recycled raw materials in Ozai West Area, Oita Port
•Increased collection and treatment capacity at our recycling center in Taiwan
Entire Group
2020 Formulated the second Medium-Term Management Plan and Medium-Term Environmental Management Plan
2021 Started collaboration for CO2 absorption and fixation through forests (ENEOS Holdings and JX Nippon Mining & Metals)
Issued publicly offered hybrid bonds (subordinated bonds)
ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021 10
Signed a memorandum of understanding with Saudi Aramco for
collaboration studies on building a supply chain for CO2-free hydrogen and ammonia
•Decided to participate in a solar power generation business in Texas, USA •Signed an agreement to acquire JSR Corporation’s elastomers
business
Base businesses
  2020 •Signed the final agreement for continuing collaboration at Chiba Refinery with PetroChina International (Japan) Co., Ltd.
2021 •Decided to terminate the manufacturing function at Chita Plant around October 2021
Issued ENEOS Green Bonds (unsecured straight bonds)
•Decided to terminate some of the crude oil processing units at Negishi Refinery around October 2022

  Our Businesses and Strengths
Based on the ENEOS Group’s shared mission and values, we carry out our business of transforming resources into energy and materials and supplying them to customers.
We have enhanced the supply of next-generation energy and community services utilizing the facilities and assets, customer base and brand power we have developed in our petroleum business. Moreover, in addition to providing high-performance metal materials to businesses and industry, we are expanding our recycling business and other businesses, contributing to the development of a recycling-oriented society.
These are our strengths: a diverse, global value chain that spans our entire range of operations, from resources develop- ment to manufacturing, sales and recycling; Japan’s largest production and supply network; and innovative technologies represented by our lineup of products with leading worldwide market shares.
Our Strengths
• Diverse, global value chain
• Japan’s largest refining, production and supply network
• Innovative energy and materials related technologies
Our Mission
Harnessing the
Earth’s power for the common good and for the day-to-day life of each individual, we will contribute to the development of our communities and help to ensure a vibrant future through creation and innovation in energy, resources, and materials.
Our
Core Values
As a member of
the community
High ethical
standards / Health, safety and environment
Supporting day-to-day life
Focus on customers
For a vibrant future
Taking on challenges / Moving forward
Oil exploration
Exploration, development and production in
10 countries around the world
Equity-entitled crude oil and natural gas production volume
130,000
Oil transport
Stable and efficient oil transport
 bbl/day
63%)
Copper mine development
Efficient mining operations for stable extraction of natural resources
Equity-entitled copper mine production volume
200,000
tons/year
( Natural gas sales ratio:
   Approx.
Copper transport
Using copper concentrate and sulfuric acid carriers that reduce environmental impacts
Exhaust gas
(compared to bulk carriers)
40% reduction
  11 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021
Resources development Transport
 
  To Our Stakeholders
Contents / Editorial Policy and Disclosure Media Framework / ENEOS Group Philosophy
Service station (SS) operations
Electricity retailing
(as of July 2021)
908,000
contracts
Hydrogen stations
Responding to demand for new energy
Financial and Corporate Data
Part I Part II
Value Creation Story ESG Management
  Power generation
Responding to society’s energy needs
Power generation capacity
(as of June 2021)
1.59
Approx.
Market share of SS in Japan
Approx. 44% (No.1 in Japan)
Community services
Laundromats / Car sharing services
  million kW
(Renewable energy: )
Approx. 0.13 million kW Oil refining
Market share in Japan
 30% 46 locations (as of August 2021)
Approx.
()
 Largest oil refining capacity in Japan
Crude oil processing capacity
1.87
million bbl/day
(No.1) 50% in Japan
3.62million tons/year [direct sales basis]
(No.1in Asia) 1.64 million tons/year
[direct sales basis] (No.1in Asia)
Fuel oil sales
Market share of fuel oil sales in Japan
Approx.
 Petrochemicals manufacturing and sales
 Paraxylene supply capacity
Propylene supply capacity
  Lubricants manufacturing and sales
38
Functional materials manufacturing and sales
Supply to Japan
and overseas markets
overseas locations
  Refining and smelting
Refined copper production
Refined copper
production capacity in Japan
450,000
tons/year
Delivering solutions with high-performance materials
Manufacturing and sales
Functional and thin-film manufacturing and sales
Advanced materials underpinning information society
Recycling
Approx.
No.1
Recycling
Number of recycling c8ollection sites
in Japan
and overseas
Product lineup with market share worldwide
     ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021 12
Note: Figures as of March 2021

  Growth Strategy and Value Created
We are working toward our Long-Term Vision to 2040 by developing and implementing medium-term management plans every three years.
We develop a medium-term management plan every three years as a milestone toward the achievement of our Long-Term Vision to 2040.
In the second Medium-Term Management Plan, we aim to maximize cash flows by strengthening the competitiveness of our base businesses and accelerate development and strengthening of our growth businesses through the use of digital technology and collaboration with different industries and areas, while capitalizing on our strengths.
Pursuing transformation aimed at achieving the Long-Term Vision
  FY2017–FY2019 First Medium-Term Management Plan
  Carry out structural reforms
Maximize synergies of business integration, etc.
FY2020–FY2022
Second Medium-Term Management Plan
Continue and accelerate structural reforms
    Results
Stable financial base
Free cash flow (three-year total)
Result: 828.7 billion yen billion yen
Net D/E ratio (FY2019 end)
0.7 times
or lower Result:
500.0
0.7
times
 Develop & strengthen growth businesses
 Group strengths
Development of efficient supply chain, SS network, advanced materials, etc.
• Utilize digital technology
(pursue digital transformation)
• Alliances with different industries and areas
(open innovation, etc.)
  13 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021
  
   To Our Stakeholders
Contents / Editorial Policy and Disclosure Media Framework / ENEOS Group Philosophy
Part I Part II Financial and Value Creation Story ESG Management Corporate Data
 Third and Fourth Medium-Term Management Plans
Long-Term Vision to 2040
Envisioned goals
Become one of the most prominent and internationally competitive energy and materials company groups in Asia
Create value by transforming our current business structure
Contribute to the development of a low-carbon, recycling-oriented society
 • Progressive optimization of the supply chain
• Utilization of our relationships with customers to roll out new services
• Continuous creation of new materials
   Social value created
Through our business activities (Five key items)
      Through corporate activities (Five key items)
                   EV H2
    ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021 14
                    
  Interview with the President
 Q1
A
The COVID-19 pandemic had major impacts on fiscal 2020.
What are your thoughts on the current business environment and direction?
I will take strong leadership to speed up changes in our business to cope with this rapidly changing society.
In the past year, the COVID-19 pandemic has greatly impacted societies and economies around the world and the situation remains extremely challenging. The pandemic has brought about major changes in our values in terms of day-to-day life. However, these changes are con- sistent with the progression of the three changes in the business environment we envisioned when we developed our Long-Term Vision to 2040, namely, a low-carbon, recycling-oriented society; digital innovation; and lifestyle changes. In fact, we think the pace of these changes will continue to accelerate. Therefore, we must speed up the initiatives we are planning and achieve results in order to address these changes and realize our Long-Term Vision.
We are also pursuing ESG management. In terms of “environmental,” our Executive Council and other company organizations are discussing our response to future manage- ment risks and opportunities posed by societal changes. I feel we need to speed up this process. Regarding “social” and “governance,” we continue to explore opportunities for improvement, without becoming complacent.
15 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021
Accelerating business structure reforms to contribute to a decarbonized society
Ota Katsuyuki
Representative Director, President ENEOS Holdings, Inc.

 To Our Stakeholders
Contents / Editorial Policy and Disclosure Media Framework / Part I Part II Financial and ENEOS Group Philosophy Value Creation Story ESG Management Corporate Data
Q2
A
Fiscal 2020 marked the first fiscal year of the second Medium-Term Management Plan. Can you provide an update on the results and progress of your core businesses?
We recorded an increase in profits over the previous fiscal year by steadily implementing various measures tailored to market conditions.
In fiscal 2020, sales volumes of petroleum products declined substantially due to the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, but operating income excluding inventory valuation rose year on year to 215.5 billion yen, underpinned by a robust petroleum product margin and rising copper prices, among other factors. Using the positive outcomes gained from maximized synergies of the business integration and strengthening of the financial base achieved under the first Medium-Term Management Plan as a foothold, we embarked on further structural reforms and steadily implemented various measures to develop and strengthen our growth businesses. We are also focusing on collaboration with outside par- ties in the areas of research and development and new business creation. In addition to promoting industry-academia collaboration with universities, we are seeking out partner- ships with venture companies through investments in venture capital and implementation of an accelerator program. These efforts are helping us to pursue open innovation. The follow- ing is an overview of our business results for fiscal 2020.
Petroleum refining & marketing business
Restructuring of our refinery and plant network
In October 2020, the refining function was terminated at the Osaka Refinery, operated by Osaka International Refining Company, Limited, a joint venture with PetroChina Internation- al (Japan) Co., Ltd., and relocated to the Chiba Refinery in December the same year. In addition, we will cease production at the Chita Plant around October 2021 and plan to decommission part of the facilities at the Negishi Refinery around October 2022.
Next-generation energy supply and community services business
Expansion of renewable energy power generation business
We began commercial operation at the Muroran Biomass Power Plant, the largest such plant in Japan, and also participated in a number of solar power, onshore wind power and offshore wind power projects across Japan. We also started operations at three more mega solar power plants built on idle land in Japan.
Development of virtual power plants (VPP)
We launched verification testing of VPP to control energy resources, including energy stor- age systems and our in-house power generation facilities. The verification testing included testing at service stations, a first in Japan.
Our second Medium-Term Management Plan, a detailed action plan, is highly significant as a milestone for achieving our Long-Term Vision. We will further speed up business struc- ture reforms and ensure that top management exhibits strong leadership, not only with an eye toward 2040, but also during the transition phase leading up to 2040. Under the key phrase “taking on the challenge of transformation,” we are making strong efforts, knowing that if we don’t change now, we won’t be able to change in the future.
ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021 16

 Interview with the President
Q3
A
Development of mobility services
We continued to conduct verification testing of ENEOS Car Share and launched verification testing of ENEOS Car Lease, a car leasing business with sales offices located in our service station network.
Materials business
Acquisition of elastomers business
We decided to acquire JSR Corporation’s elastomers business, which includes the manufacture and sale of synthetic rubber, with the goal of acquiring and expanding a technology-based busi- ness that will become a core component of our materials business.
Increased production capacity of functional and thin-film materials
We have increased our production capacity of treated rolled copper foil, high-functionality copper alloy strips and sputtering targets for semiconductors by around 30% compared to fiscal 2017. Given the speed of growth in the semiconductor market driven by growing demand for mobile devices and telecommunications infrastructure, we have decided to increase production capacity of sputtering targets for semiconductors by an additional 30% or so from current levels.
Environmentally conscious businesses
Increased collection and processing capacity of raw metal materials for recycling
In addition to increasing the collection and processing capacity at our recycling center in Taiwan, we decided to establish a logistics base in Oita Prefecture and increase the pre-processing capacity for raw materials at the nearby Saganoseki Smelter & Refinery.
Metal resources development, copper smelting and refining business
Acquisition of all interests in the Caserones Copper Mine
We acquired all of the interests in the Caserones Copper Mine owned by our joint invest- ment partners in order to secure high grade, clean copper concentrate.
What is the current status of your initiatives to strengthen the management foundation?
We continue to focus on human resources development and diversity and inclusion, while laying the groundwork for a corporate culture that encourages transformation.
The importance of human resources for our growth remains unchanged. Our work styles changed a great deal during the COVID-19 pandemic. To enable our employees to gen- erate in-depth transformation and innovative ideas, we introduced project manager training and expanded optional training and seminars for self-development to support autonomous career development. We are also focusing on the development of future management resources, who will be charged with increasing corporate value over the medium to long term. To increase operating efficiency and productivity, we will need to utilize digital technology and adopt work styles free from the constraints of time and place. To this end, we are working to design flexible systems and make further improve-
17 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021

To Our Stakeholders
Contents / Editorial Policy and Disclosure Media Framework / Part I Part II Financial and ENEOS Group Philosophy Value Creation Story ESG Management Corporate Data
Q4
A
Please explain the earnings outlook for the period of the second Medium-Term Management Plan, released in May 2021, which takes into account the impacts of COVID-19.
The outlook includes an impact of negative 500.0 billion yen for the three-year period, and we will continue our efforts to compensate for this impact.
The second Medium-Term Management Plan (FY2020–2022), announced in May 2020, only included the impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic in the first half of fiscal 2020. Unfortunately, the timing of the end of pandemic remains difficult to predict. Therefore, in May 2021 we prepared a revised earnings forecast for the second Medium-Term Manage- ment Plan, assuming that the impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic will continue until fiscal 2022.
As of May 2021, compared to our initial plan, we anticipate that profits will decline by 500.0 billion yen cumulatively over the three years of the second Medium-Term Manage- ment Plan due mainly to the impacts of the pandemic, including declining export volumes of jet fuel and other petroleum products, deteriorating product market conditions overseas, and restrictions on operations at the Caserones Copper Mine. Based on these factors, we forecast operating income excluding inventory valuation of 760.0 billion yen over the three years, falling short of the target of 970.0 billion yen, even after reflecting our additional mea- sures to cut costs.
Meanwhile, the movement toward a decarbonized and recycling-oriented society will accelerate further and domestic petroleum demand will undoubtedly continue to decline. Therefore, the direction and scale of our investments remain unchanged in order to speed up the development and strengthening of growth businesses aimed at structural reforms and the restructuring of our business portfolio.
Management will continue working to achieve the targets of the Medium-Term Manage- ment Plan despite the difficulty of forecasting the future business environment, including when exactly the COVID-19 pandemic will be under control.
ments to our telework infrastructure. I expect that work-life balance will lead to even more ideas for transformation and value creation.
At the same time, in terms of diversity and inclusion, we have increased the ratio of women among new hires and women in managerial positions with each passing year, but we can still improve in terms of building a workforce with diverse age groups, career experi- ence, nationalities and values. In addition to systems and training mindful of diversity and inclusion, executive management will actively get involved in building an environment for daily internal communication where each and every employee respects individuality and can develop their full potential.
In fiscal 2020, we began delegating authority to increase the speed of management’s decision-making and business execution as well as strengthen the supervisory function of the Board of Directors through enhanced monitoring. While I feel good progress has been made, we need to accelerate the structural reforms aimed at achieving our Long-Term Vision. We will share management’ s direction with employees and pursue management with rapid decision-making and execution capabilities under the appropriate supervision of the Board of Directors.
 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021 18

 Interview with the President
Q5
A
What are your initiatives for the development of a decarbonized society based on the Long-Term Vision to 2040?
We will build a supply chain for next-generation energy to play a greater role in the achievement of carbon neutrality worldwide.
The three envisioned goals in the Group’ s Long-Term Vision are: (1) become one of the most prominent and internationally competitive energy and materials company groups in Asia; (2) create value by transforming our current business structure; and (3) contribute to the development of a low-carbon, recycling-oriented society. The movement toward car- bon neutrality is picking up steam around the world, making it a material issue for us as a group of energy and materials companies.
Currently, we are working on promoting energy conservation at our production bases, switching to renewable energy to power the Caserones Copper Mine, and expanding our renewable energy business in Japan and abroad.
Over the long term, there are growing expectations for the potential of next-generation energy, especially CO2-free hydrogen and synthetic fuels made from renewable energy.
First, with regard to CO2-free hydrogen, we were among the first to focus on hydrogen as a next-generation form of energy and we have actively built up our hydrogen station net- work. In recent years, there has been even greater interest in and expectations for hydro- gen, so we intend to grow hydrogen into a major pillar of our business portfolio in the future. There is a wealth of untapped resources overseas in terms of renewable energy and lignite. We are exploring the possibility of producing and procuring low-cost CO2-free hydrogen overseas and then supplying it to the domestic market. Our nationwide network of refineries can be utilized as hubs for receiving, storing and shipping CO2-free hydrogen from overseas; therefore, we will speed up our commercialization study while working closely with various partners.
Next is synthetic fuels made from renewable energy (CO2-free fuels). These fuels are alternatives to petroleum products made from hydrogen derived from renewable energy and CO2. Since CO2 is recovered as a raw material from the exhaust gas of power plants, there is no net increase in CO2 in the atmosphere when using these fuels. In addition, syn- thetic fuels have nearly the same characteristics as petroleum products, which means the entire supply chain, including existing refineries, storage and transport facilities, and service stations, can be repurposed, and the fuels can be used as aviation and automotive fuels without modification. Therefore, we believe these fuels have the potential for rapid growth once the production technology is established. To this end, we are now working to develop the production processes and catalysts.
To achieve a decarbonized society, we need to build a platform for supply bases and networks for next-generation energy. We will explore the establishment of independent energy supply systems driven by local production for local consumption, the stabilization and streamlining of intra-regional energy supply using storage batteries, and the provision of new value-added services, including mobility services.
Through these efforts, we aim to become carbon neutral in terms of our own CO2 emis- sions (Scope 1 and Scope 2) by 2040. Switching to CO2-free energy in all social infrastruc- ture is needed to reduce the CO2 emissions of our customers (Scope 3). Here, CO2-free hydrogen and synthetic fuels made from renewable energy, which we are now working on, will play a substantial role.
19 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021

To Our Stakeholders
Contents / Editorial Policy and Disclosure Media Framework / Part I Part II Financial and ENEOS Group Philosophy Value Creation Story ESG Management Corporate Data
We will contribute to the sustainable development of society by providing a stable sup- ply of the various forms of energy required by people and society, tailored to the needs of the times, from the past to the present and into the future.
We aim for carbon neutrality in our own CO2 emissions in 2040 by strengthening and expanding businesses with a low environmental impact.
 Emissions (Thousand tons) 28,890
Reduction
• Reduction in Group CO2 emissions in accordance with the decline in domestic demand
Carbon neutral
Emissions 17,000
Reduction 17,000
• Pursue cheaper renewable energy, CO2-free hydrogen, CCS and CCUS* through technological innovation
• Pursue EV and other aspects of mobility business
• Promote energy conservation through the
introduction of automated operation of refineries and smelters
* CCS: Carbon capture and storage
CCUS: Carbon capture, utilization, and storage
     Renewable energy: Eco-friendly products: Energy conservation & CO2-EOR:
2,950
150 1,000 1,800
4,300
900 1,200 2,200
2022
10,000
   Q6
A
Are there any changes in your philosophy on shareholder returns?
We will maintain our current policy and dividend level as
we aim for further shareholder returns based on performance.
Our recognition that returning profits to shareholders is an important management task remains unchanged. Our current policy on shareholder returns remains the same. We will target a total return ratio of 50% or more of net income excluding inventory valuation cumu- latively over three years and maintain the dividend at the current level or above. We expect the challenging management environment to persist, but we remain committed to continu- ing to offer stable dividends and aiming for additional shareholder returns based on prog- ress toward our management targets.
Now (2020)
2030 2040 (Year)
Disclosure of information on our response to climate change
As a group of energy and materials companies, our response to climate change carries significant management risks and opportunities. We recognize that proactive disclosures and dialogue with stakeholders are vital. Since fiscal 2019, we have been working to expand the disclosure of information in accordance with the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations, and we have decided to disclose financial impacts related to climate change starting from this report. Going forward, we will continue to actively disclose information and engage in dialogue so that stakeholders can fully understand our situation, the challenges we face, our policies and the various measures we will take.
For financial impacts related to climate change, see pages 49 to 51.
ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021 20

Progress of Second Medium-Term Management Plan
  Business-Specific Strategies
Energy Business
Improving the efficiency of base businesses and developing growth businesses
Business Environment and Basic Policies
     Business Environment
Related SDGs
  Our Strengths
• Competitive crude oil procurement through production optimization tools
• Unified sales systems for nationwide network of approximately 13,000 service stations in Japan • Nationwide network of 12 refineries and plants in Japan
• Global supply network for lubricants
• Production capacity for petrochemicals with a strong presence in global markets
• High-performance materials technology (highly heat resistant resins, optical films, etc.)
• Portfolio of renewable energy businesses, including solar, wind, and biomass, using idle land
  Risks
• Dealing with declining domestic demand for petroleum products due to population decline and the growth of eco-friendly cars
• Gaining an edge over highly cost-competitive, large-scale overseas refineries
• Initiatives for the shift to decarbonization, which are rapidly progressing worldwide
Opportunities
• Rising demand for petroleum and petrochemical products in emerging countries, mainly in Asia
• Rising demand for clean energy, including renewable energy • Growing expectations and interest in next-generation energy
  Basic Policies of Second Medium-Term Management Plan
 1 Generate ongoing cash flow by strengthening the competitiveness of base businesses
2 Pursue selective investment to develop and strengthen growth businesses and optimize the business portfolio
3 Strengthen the business foundation
Progress of Second Medium-Term Management Plan
 Base Businesses
Strengthening International Competitiveness with Production/Supply System Rationalization and DX
To build an internationally competitive production and supply system for stable supply, in October 2020, refining was ceased at the Osaka Refinery of Osaka International Refining Company, Limited, a joint venture with PetroChina International (Japan) Co., Ltd., and relocated to the Chiba Refinery in December the same year. Furthermore, we decided to cease production at the Chita Plant around October 2021 and plan to decommission part of the
facilities at the Negishi Refinery around October 2022.
We established an “optimizers room” at our head office to centrally manage information for supply chain optimization. In addition, we are moving ahead with verification trials for autono- mous AI-driven operations of certain facilities at our plants, and we introduced a digital twin for pursuing further sophistication of
facilities management through simulations in a virtual space.
21 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021

To Our Stakeholders
Contents / Editorial Policy and Disclosure Media Framework / Part I Part II Financial and ENEOS Group Philosophy Value Creation Story ESG Management Corporate Data
 Ota Katsuyuki
Representative Director, President ENEOS Corporation
 Developing and Strengthening Growth Businesses
Petrochemicals
Pursuing Development of Chemical Refineries and Entering the Derivatives Field
We are pursuing the development of chemical refineries by transforming refineries to produce more chemicals through measures such as strengthening alliances in industrial complex- es. At the Kashima Industrial Complex in Ibaraki Prefecture, we have finalized plans for a joint venture business with Mitsubishi Chemical Corporation to produce oil from waste plastic. In this arrangement, chemical recycling facilities with an annual capaci-
Materials
Acquisition of Elastomers Business
After thoroughly reviewing the acquisition and expansion of a technology-based business that will become a core component of the materials business, we decided to acquire JSR Corpora- tion’ s elastomers business, which includes the manufacture and sale of synthetic rubber, and signed an acquisition agreement in
Next-Generation Energy Supply and Community Services
ty of 20,000 tons will be constructed at Mitsubishi Chemical’s Ibaraki Plant, located in the complex, with commercial opera- tions slated to begin in fiscal 2023.
We are also examining making inroads into the high-value-add- ed derivatives business and expanding it internationally. As part of this effort, we are exploring the commercialization of a new ENB manufacturing facility in Saudi Arabia.
May 2021.
JSR will establish a new company and transfer its elastomers
business to the new company by splitting it. ENEOS will then acquire all the shares of the new company and make it a wholly owned subsidiary around April 2022.
Building the ENEOS Platform and Supply Chain for CO2-Free Electricity, Hydrogen and Fuels
As a long-term initiative, we are building a supply chain for CO2-free electricity, hydrogen and fuels.
In May 2020, we began commercial operations at the Muroran Biomass Power Plant, Japan’ s largest biomass power plant. We also commenced operations at three new mega solar power plants in Japan using idle land and participated in solar as well as onshore and offshore wind power generation projects across Japan. We started verification trials on a virtual power plant (VPP) that uses an energy management system (EMS) to control a storage battery system and our own power generation facilities as part of our efforts to build a system that can supply CO2-free electricity in a stable manner.
In Japan, we opened four new hydrogen stations. We also participated in multiple projects that evaluated commercial viability and technological development of and conducted verification trials for building a future supply chain that can supply hydrogen made from inexpensive CO2-free energy produced overseas to Japan in a
stable manner. Furthermore, we moved ahead with technological development to build a supply chain that can procure fuels made from inexpensive CO2-free energy produced overseas.
To build the ENEOS Platform, we are now exploring opportunities in community services as well as the mobility and lifestyle support businesses. To contribute to appealing and sustainable community development through collaboration with community partners, we concluded a basic agreement with Shizuoka Prefecture and Shizuo- ka City for the promotion of next-generation energy and community development in the Sodeshi area of Shimizu, Shizuoka City.
In the mobility business, we are continuing with verification trials for ENEOS Car Share and commenced the nationwide rollout of ENEOS Car Lease using our service station network. In the lifestyle support business, we began the rollout of ENEOS Laundry, which operates laundromats under the ENEOS brand, and began providing laundry and shopping services for consumers in certain communities.
 Strengthening the Business Foundation
Human Resources System Reforms and Active Introduction of Digital Technology
To ensure each and every employee can maximize their capabili- ties, we are working to foster a vibrant, energetic corporate culture that inspires creativity and motivates employees to take on chal- lenges. As part of this effort, we are pursuing human resources development and improvements in mechanisms for personnel evaluation and compensation, as well as workstyle reforms. Spe- cifically, we are examining a personnel evaluation system driven by
ability and performance instead of seniority, and compensation more in line with job responsibilities and performance.
We have actively introduced digital technologies in all aspects of our business activities and are working to combine them into complex solutions. In this way, we will increase the efficiency of our base businesses and create innovative new products and services.
ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021 22
 
Progress of Second Medium-Term Management Plan
   Close-up 1
Contribution to a Decarbonized and Recycling-Oriented Society
Building a Supply Chain for CO2-Free Electricity, Hydrogen and Fuels
 As part of our efforts to build a supply chain for CO2-free electricity, we are working to establish an energy supply platform utilizing an energy management system (EMS) that optimally controls renewable energy, whose output varies based on weather conditions, using storage batteries and electric vehicles (EV).
For this EMS, we are aiming for commercialization in fiscal 2022 based on the results of the first-ever VPP verification trial at service stations in Japan. We are now exploring additional possibilities after signing a basic agreement with Shizuoka Prefecture and Shizuoka City, where one of our refineries was formerly located, to build an energy supply platform.
In terms of renewable energy, we are accelerating busi- ness expansion with the goal of increasing our total genera- tion capacity in Japan and overseas to more than 1 GW by fiscal 2022. To this end, in fiscal 2020 we continued expanding our portfolio of mega solar power plants using idle land and started commercial operations at the Muroran Biomass Power Plant, the largest such plant in Japan.
With an eye toward increasing future generation capacity, we decided to join a solar power generation proj- ect in Ako District, Hyogo Prefecture, the Mutsu Ogawara Onshore Wind Farm in Kamikita District, Aomori Prefec- ture, and the wind power projects offshore of Happo Town and Noshiro City in Akita Prefecture and offshore of Goto City in Nagasaki Prefecture. We are also working on distributed power source development, and launched the ENEOS Zero Setup Cost Solar Service in fiscal 2020.
We are also expanding initiatives for renewable energy outside of Japan, and decided to participate in solar power generation projects in Australia and the United States. The solar power generation project in Australia shows promise for the manufacture of CO2-free hydrogen.
To achieve a mass supply of inexpensive CO2-free hydrogen from overseas, we are working on develop- ment initiatives for proprietary technologies and a broad range of verification trials through alliances. Our propri- etary Direct MCH® technology simplifies the process of manufacturing methylcyclohexane (MCH), a carrier of hydrogen, from renewable energy, which is expected to greatly lower costs. We already established the technolo-
gy during the research and development stage, so going forward we plan to conduct large-scale verification trials.
In terms of CO2-free hydrogen manufactured over- seas, we are working to build a hydrogen supply chain where we can import to our refineries and use our hydro- gen stations as community hubs for supplying CO2-free hydrogen to customers in a stable manner.
We are moving ahead with various initiatives utilizing a broad range of alliances, including collaboration with Saudi Aramco and a review of hydrogen supply derived from hydroelectric power generation in Malaysia. As part of our efforts to build a CO2-free hydrogen supply system in Japan, we are supplying hydrogen to Woven City, a demonstration city operated by Toyota Motor Corpora- tion, and participating in a demonstration project for hydrogen manufacture and supply using renewable ener- gy in Kitakyushu City.
CO2-free fuels, made by combining hydrogen derived from renewable energy and CO2, can be used without modification in existing engines and the fuel supply infra- structure, and we are now working to build a supply system for these fuels. Utilizing the ultra-high-speed AI-driven molecular simulator co-developed with Preferred Networks, Inc., we are now developing manu- facturable catalysts at a higher efficiency in order to streamline the manufacture of CO2-free fuels.
In addition, looking toward rising demand for bio jet fuel in the future, we are conducting a commercialization review of sustainable jet fuel manufacturing using waste, including waste plastics, as part of our efforts to build a supply system for CO2-free fuel.
Diagram of Japan’s First VPP Verification Trial at Service Stations
VPP system
EMS
EMS EMS
       23 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021

To Our Stakeholders
Contents / Editorial Policy and Disclosure Media Framework / Part I Part II Financial and ENEOS Group Philosophy Value Creation Story ESG Management Corporate Data
 Energy Business
  Close-up 2
We are now exploring a route charging business using our nationwide network of some 13,000 service stations, considered an ENEOS strength, basic charging services in homes through a tie-up with ENEOS Denki* power supply, and the expansion of related services such as EV leasing, sharing and main- tenance, which includes possible collaboration with other companies.
In July 2021, we established the EV Business Development Department to pursue business expan- sion through a focused approach to exploring business opportunities in EVs, in anticipation of broad adoption of EVs in the future.
* “Denki” means “electricity” in Japanese.
Contribution to a Decarbonized and Recycling-Oriented Society
Initiatives for EV-Related Services
     Basic charging
Route charging
EV charging
Mobility business
Basic charging business
(mainly for households)
 ENEOS Denki
 Renewable energy plan
      network business
(EVs)
EV maintenance
  Pursue installation of quick chargers
 Collaboration with other companies
 ENEOS Car Share
ENEOS Car Lease
    Provide used batteries as storage batteries
Batteries
  Close-up 3
Initiatives to Strengthen and Grow the Materials Business
Acquisition of Elastomers Business
 JSR Corporation’s elastomers business supplies mate- rials that are essential to mobility industries and contrib- ute to reduced environmental impacts. Solution polymerization styrene-butadiene rubber (SSBR), JSR’s main elastomers product, offers the highest per- formance in the industry and is indispensable as a raw material for treads on fuel-efficient and high-perfor- mance tires.
The integration of ENEOS’s technology-based businesses throughout the value chain, from petro- leum to materials, and JSR’s elastomers business will generate synergies including cost reduction and enhanced product development capability.
In the materials business, we will concentrate resources on the development and commercialization of high-performance materials, using this elastomers business as a focal point, as we seek to quickly estab-
lish a worldwide business and presence as a manufac- turer of high-performance materials.
Main products
Broad product lineup with synthetic rubber for tires (SSBR, etc.) as its main product
All-purpose synthetic rubbers and specialty synthetic rubbers ...Automotive tires, automotive
components, etc.
Thermoplastic elastomers
...Shoe soles, adhesives, etc.
Emulsions and raw materials for functional chemicals
...Paper coating agents, construction
materials, etc.
    ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021 24
Electricity (renewable energy, etc.)

Progress of Second Medium-Term Management Plan
  Business-Specific Strategies
Oil and Natural Gas E&P Business
Working to strengthen base businesses and develop growth businesses aimed at achieving a decarbonized society
Business Environment and Basic Policies
Business Environment
Related SDGs
     Our Strengths
• Safe and stable operations with emphasis on maintaining long-term relationships with governments of oil-producing countries and other stakeholders in our business regions
• Knowledge accumulated through our existing businesses in the United States and Southeast Asia, and joint research with oil-producing countries concerning CCS/CCUS technologies
  Risks Opportunities
 • Greater-than-expected decline in demand for fossil fuels due to rapid progress of decarbonization
• Instability of commodities prices due to stagnant or reduced investment in oil and natural gas exploration and development
• Strong demand for natural gas driven by the worldwide coal-to-gas shift and economic growth in emerging countries in Asia
• Growing demand for CCS/CCUS technologies as decarbonization technologies
 Basic Policies of Second Medium-Term Management Plan*
* Reviewed initial basic policies in order to strengthen environmentally conscious businesses
 1 Base businesses (oil and natural gas E&P business)
Ensure stable supply of energy and serve as source of capital, human and technological resources for growth businesses
2 Growth businesses (environmentally conscious businesses) Creation of environmental value through Net Zero initiatives
Progress of Second Medium-Term Management Plan
Base Businesses Achieving Safe and Stable Operations and Improved Earnings
  In fiscal 2020, we maintained safe and stable operations as pro- duction volume greatly exceeded the previous year, despite the ongoing impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic.
While the prices of crude oil and natural gas fell significantly com- pared to the previous fiscal year, we managed to greatly improve profitability from the loss suffered in the previous fiscal year through measures for absence of impairment loss and the full-fledged recouping of business investments in Malaysia and the U.K.
In Malaysia, we commenced full production from the Layang 25 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021
oil and gas field, which is an additional development to our exist- ing projects. Light crude oil produced from this field is now being shipped from FPSO1, introduced in fiscal 2020.
In the U.K., we continue steady production from the two major exploration and development projects, the Culzean gas field and the Mariner oil field in the UK North Sea, both of which commenced production in fiscal 2019. Production volumes for each in fiscal 2020 roughly doubled the previous year’s volumes. 1 Floating production, storage and offloading

To Our Stakeholders
Contents / Editorial Policy and Disclosure Media Framework / Part I Part II Financial and ENEOS Group Philosophy Value Creation Story ESG Management Corporate Data
 Hosoi Hiroshi
Representative Director, President and CEO JX Nippon Oil & Gas Exploration Corporation
 Growth Businesses Pursuing Environmentally Conscious Businesses
In the U.S., we are participating in a large-scale commercial project utilizing CCUS2 technology to separate and recover high-volume CO2 emissions from a thermal power plant and inject them into aging oil fields to increase oil production. Since operations began in December 2016, we have injected a total of 3.77 million tons of CO2 into aging oil fields.
In Southeast Asia, JX Nippon Oil & Gas Exploration is pursuing joint research together with local state-owned oil companies to
establish a low-environmental-impact business model utilizing its proprietary CCS3/CCUS technologies.
We established the Sustainable Business Unit in April 2021
to quickly pursue environmentally conscious businesses in a
concentrated manner. We also established a structure for the
centralization of CCS/CCUS technology information to support
the further utilization of technology and business expansion.
2 Carbon dioxide capture, utilization and storage 3 Carbon dioxide capture and storage
  Close-up
Contributing to Carbon Neutrality
Utilizing CCS/CCUS Technologies
 Pursuing Joint Research
The worldwide movement toward decarbonization has even reached fossil energy exporting countries, as countries in Southeast Asia, our core business area, are beginning to work toward reducing their green- house gas emissions. JX Nippon Oil & Gas Exploration has already started examination of an E&P business model utilizing its CCS/CCUS technologies together with local state-owned oil companies, and initiated joint research in Indonesia in 2018 and Malaysia in 2020.
In both research endeavors, we are conducting basic studies and surveys regarding E&P business mod- els with low environmental impacts, mainly in aging oil and gas fields and gas fields containing high-concentra-
Developing New Businesses Using CCS/CCUS Technologies
Using our CCS/CCUS technologies, JX Nippon Oil & Gas Exploration aims to establish new environmentally conscious businesses and develop them as our growth businesses.
We will move forward on the establishment of a power generation business that utilizes carbon-free gas produced from the natural gas projects where our CCS/CCUS technologies have been introduced, and a business to manufacture blue hydrogen4 and ammonia from residual gas after CO2 separation.
4 A form of hydrogen energy produced without releasing CO2 into the atmosphere by utilizing CCS or CCUS.
tion CO2. Going forward, we plan to use CCS/CCUS technologies at these oil and gas fields to produce crude oil and natural gas with low environmental impacts.
As a new initiative in 2021, we decided to partici- pate in joint research on CO2 capture, shipping and offshore storage in Australia. This is a large-scale verifi- cation trial that involves liquefying captured CO2, ship- ping it and injecting it at a location offshore of Australia. Through participation in this verification trial, we aim to further increase the value of our technological knowl- edge and gain new knowledge on the liquefaction, shipping and injection of CO2 from marine vessels.
Examples of New Business Models That Leverage CCS/CCUS
(Business Expansion Leveraging CCS/CCUS)
   Acid gas field
CO2-EOR
Gas processing facilities
CO2 separation and recovery
CCS
Blue power
Blue hydrogen and ammonia
        JX Nippon Oil & Gas Exploration’s main businesses Natural gas Projects JX Nippon Oil & Gas Exploration participates in CO2
  ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021 26
 
Progress of Second Medium-Term Management Plan
  Business-Specific Strategies
Metals Business
Creating new value for copper and rare metals to contribute to the development and innovation of the data society
Business Environment and Basic Policies
     Business Environment
Related SDGs
  Our Strengths
• Product lineup focused on copper and rare metals, core materials used in electronics applications
• Elemental technologies in high purification, recycling, and other areas cultivated in our mineral
resources and smelting and refining businesses
• Product lineup of functional and thin-film materials with top shares in global niche markets, created through combined application of our elemental technologies
• Integrated supply chain, from mineral resources, smelting and refining, and recycling to advanced materials
  Risks Opportunities
 • Mineral resources: Fluctuations in metal prices that affect profitability, reduction of high-quality ore, tighter environmen- tal regulations
• Smelting and refining, recycling and environmental services: Intensifying competition with Asian companies, shrinking Japanese market
• Advanced materials: Risk of market loss due to shortened product life cycles, emergence of alternative materials, and economic downturns
• Rising number of electronic devices from advancements in IoT and AI along with increasing demand for advanced materials with higher performance and multifunctionality
• Growing need for recycling from increasing demand to transition to a recycling-oriented society
• Increasing demand for copper and rare metals driven by growing middle classes and expanded applications accompanying economic growth in emerging countries
 Basic Policies of Second Medium-Term Management Plan
 1 Expand strategic investments, pursue technology development
2 Review business portfolios
3 Develop human resources who can create new value
4 Contribute to the SDGs
 27 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021

To Our Stakeholders
Contents / Editorial Policy and Disclosure Media Framework / Part I Part II Financial and ENEOS Group Philosophy Value Creation Story ESG Management Corporate Data
 Murayama Seiichi
President & Representative Director JX Nippon Mining & Metals Corporation
Progress of Second Medium-Term Management Plan
Strategic Investments and Technology Development Review Business Portfolios Human Resource Development
Increasing Production Capacity to Accommodate Rising Demand and Identifying and Developing New Business Opportunities
   Demand for leading-edge materials for smart devices, telecom- munications infrastructure and power devices is growing substantially due to the growth of remote work and rapid advancements in the data society driven by the protraction of the COVID-19 pandemic. We are already moving ahead with planned increases in production capacity for sputtering targets for semiconductors, treated rolled copper foil, and high-function- ality copper alloy strips from the previous Medium-Term Man- agement Plan period, but we have found the need to complete capacity expansion projects ahead of schedule or above and
Acquisition of Interests in the Caserones Copper Mine
In February 2021 we acquired all interests and rights in the Caserones Copper Mine. The copper concentrate mined there is an important raw material for the Saganoseki Smelter & Refinery, and the value of this high-grade, clean copper concentrate is on the rise amid the declining grade and increasing impurities of copper mined elsewhere in the world. Furthermore, this clean copper concentrate can be utilized to
beyond initial plans in order to respond to robust demand.
At the same time, in addition to investments in new busi- nesses that will be mainstays of our portfolio, we are using cross-functional personnel exchanges and support for idea actualization to develop human resources who can inde- pendently take on the challenges of innovation to create new value. We aim to create new businesses, eyeing trends such as the advancement of the data society and decarbonization as
business opportunities.
increase the processing of raw materials for recycling containing many impurities that are used in the flash furnace as part of the smelting and refining process. We are now working to increase the resilience of the smelting and refining business, which is central to the recycling of metal materials, by securing a stable supply of high-quality copper concentrate.
Increasing Collection and Processing of Raw Materials for Recycling through Integrated Smelting and Refining and Recycling Operations
Amid growing interest in securing resources such as copper and rare metals, which are essential for a decarbonized society, and resource recycling, we are working to increase collection and processing of raw materials for recycling using an operating structure that combines the smelting and refining business and the recycling business. As part of this effort, we increased the collection and processing capacity of the recycling center in
Taiwan, and we also established a logistics base in Oita Prefecture and increased the pre-processing capacity for raw materials at the nearby Saganoseki Smelter & Refinery. During the period of the Medium-Term Management Plan, we plan to increase the processing volume of the raw materials by 1.35 times over fiscal 2019 levels.
 SDGs Establishment of Interim Target for Fiscal 2030 Aimed at Net-Zero CO2 Emissions
JX Nippon Mining & Metals has established a target of net-zero CO2 emissions by fiscal 2050. To this end, we have established an interim target of reducing our own CO2 emissions by 50% by fiscal 2030 compared to fiscal 2018. This is a ten-year accelera- tion of the previous target of a 50% reduction by fiscal 2040. To
achieve this target, we will establish an ESG investment frame- work for efforts such as switching to CO2-free electricity in all business areas, increasing recycling, and pursuing fuel conver- sion and fundamental process development.
ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021 28
 
Progress of Second Medium-Term Management Plan
   Increasing Production Capacity
Expanding the Production System for Treated Rolled Copper Foil, High-Functionality Copper Alloy Strips and Sputtering Targets for Semiconductors
Completion of Facility Installation for Increasing Production Capacity by 30% Compared to Fiscal 2017
Close-up 1
 In June 2020, we completed the installation of facilities to increase production capacity, per the previous Medi- um-Term Management Plan, of sputtering targets for semiconductors, treated rolled copper foil, and high-func- tionality copper alloy strips, each of which is experiencing growing demand as high-performance materials for lead- ing-edge electronics. As a result, production capacity for each of these products will be increased by around 30% compared to fiscal 2017 levels. To meet robust demand, we have been operating at full capacity for sputtering targets for semiconductors since the first half of fiscal 2020 and for treated rolled copper foil and high-functionality copper alloy strips since the first half of 2021.
Treated rolled copper foil
 Further Increasing Production Capacity of Sputtering Targets for Semiconductors to Meet Sharply Rising Demand
Worldwide demand for semiconductors is growing amid
the sharp uptick in demand for smart devices and
 telecommunications infrastructure, underpinned by remote work and other factors. In regard to sputtering targets for semiconductors, demand is quickly outpacing our projec- tions and this demand is expected to continue in the future with advancements in 5G infrastructure and digital trans- formation (DX). We are implementing initiatives that will enable us to build supply capability to meet growing demand and continue to earn customer trust.
In December 2020, we decided to increase production capacity for sputtering targets by around 30% by aug- menting equipment for overall processes ahead of the original schedule in the second Medium-Term Manage- ment Plan to meet rapidly rising demand. Later, we decid- ed to move up the completion timeline and increase equipment capacity even further. We will continue to con- sider additional capacity increases in order to respond to rising demand over the medium and long term.
Sputtering targets for semiconductors
 29 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021
Longtan Works (Taiwan), a major production base for sputtering targets for semiconductors

To Our Stakeholders
Contents / Editorial Policy and Disclosure Media Framework / Part I Part II Financial and ENEOS Group Philosophy Value Creation Story ESG Management Corporate Data
 Metals Business
  Close-up 2
Hybrid Smelting
Working to Achieve 50% Input Rate of Raw Materials for Recycling in Copper Smelting and Refining in 2040
 Copper refining at the Saganoseki Smelter & Refinery uses a smelting method with lower environmental impacts in terms of energy efficiency and CO2 emis- sions because the sulfur contained in copper concen- trate, which is a raw material, dissolves from reaction heat. Furthermore, with the effective use of excess heat generated in the smelting process, raw materials for recycling and copper concentrate can be processed using the same blast furnace.
Recycling Workflow at Our Smelter & Refinery
We are pursuing “hybrid smelting,” in which we will further increase the input ratio of raw materials in order to reduce energy consumption and secure a stable supply of resources. We are now working to establish technologies and a system for increasing the collection and processing of raw materials in order to increase the input ratio of raw materials in copper smelting from around 12% currently to 50% by 2040.
Smelting process
  Pre-processing
  Receipt
Incineration
     Lithium-Ion Battery Recycling and Development of Next-Generation Battery Materials
Creating Technologies for Closed-Loop Recycling and Next-Generation Battery Materials
Close-up 3
We are working on technological and system develop- ment for closed-loop recycling, in which cobalt, nickel, lithium, and other rare metals contained in used lithium-ion batteries can be reused as raw materials for automotive batteries. Using bench-scale equipment, we have estab- lished technology for extracting high-quality, recyclable raw materials from batteries. From fiscal 2021, we will con- duct a verification trial for scaling up this technology in Tsuruga City, Fukui Prefecture.
We are also working on the development of tech- nologies for all-solid-state batteries, which are expect- ed to be the batteries of the next generation. We will accelerate commercialization in terms of both recycling and materials development.
Bench-scale equipment at Hitachi Works
Recovered materials (from left: nickel sulfate, cobalt sulfate, and lithium carbonate)
     ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021 30

 Progress of Second Medium-Term Management Plan
 Contributing to a Decarbonized, Recycling-Oriented Society The Future Business Vision of the ENEOS Group
The ENEOS Group aims to contribute to the realization of a decarbonized, recycling-oriented society in various areas of the supply chain by utilizing the technology accumulated through its business operations and relations with business partners. We will conduct studies and verification trials for matters pertaining to long-term initiatives, including the supply of CO2-free electricity and related services using renewable energy combined with an energy management system, the supply of CO2-free hydrogen and synthetic fuels made overseas from low-cost energy, and metal recycling and CCS/CCUS.
Special Feature
   Overseas
Power generation from renewable energy
Business Vision (entire supply chain)
Power generation from renewable energy
Domestic
Storage batteries/EVs
        Unused resources
              Refineries
          Water electrolysis
CO2-free hydrogen
          CO2
CO2
Manufacture of synthetic fuels
CCS/CCUS
Synthetic fuels
             Bio-fuels
Metal recycling
           Biomass raw materials
        CCS/CCUS Evaluating Business Potential in Southeast Asia
Utilizing our technology and expertise in CO2 recovery and injection accumulated through our overseas CO2-EOR projects, we are participating in projects for the evaluation of CCS/CCUS business potential for future commercialization in Southeast Asia, including Indonesia and Malaysia.
High-concentrate CO2 gas field
CO2 recovery
   CO2 transport Water layer via pipeline
CO2 injection
Aging oil/gas field
  31 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021
Customers

  To Our Stakeholders
Contents / Editorial Policy and Disclosure Media Framework / Part I Part II Financial and ENEOS Group Philosophy Value Creation Story ESG Management Corporate Data
  Electricity Establishing an Energy Supply Platform Using an Energy Management System
In light of the increasing focus on locally produced and consumed self-sustaining energy, such as renewable energy, we are utilizing the knowledge acquired through VPP verification at our service stations and refineries to develop an energy supply platform using storage batteries, electric vehicles (EVs) and an energy management
system. In addition, in order to respond to the growing trend of EV use, we are considering the provision of comprehensive services, including mobility services such as car sharing and car leasing, as well as a package service with ENEOS Denki*.
Power generation from renewable energy
Large-scale
Energy management
Utilization of former
sites of refineries and oil depots
Distributed PV, storage batteries
Service stations, homes, offices, factories, etc.
* “Denki” means “electricity” in Japanese. Service stations
Route charging service
H2
Water electrolysis unit can be used to control variable renewable energy
     Homes, offices, factories
Designated areas (collaboration with local communities)
   EVs
Water electrolysis
EVs
      storage batteries
      Hydrogen
Establishing a CO2-Free Hydrogen Supply Chain with Refineries and Hydrogen Stations as Supply Hubs
Hydrogen is gaining attention as the key to reducing greenhouse gas emissions. We aim to develop a structure whereby we can receive CO2-free hydrogen manufactured and procured from low-cost renewable energy overseas and unused
resources at our refineries and provide a stable supply of energy to nearby power plants and factories. We are also considering supplying CO2-free hydrogen to surrounding homes and offices in the community, with hydrogen stations as supply hubs.
Service stations
Water Hydrogen
Utilize existing refinery facilities
for MCH storage and dehydrogenation
FCVs, FC trucks, etc.
Homes and offices
Power plants, factories
     Refineries
Receipt
stations
ENEOS
 Organic hydride (MCH*)
 Liquified hydrogen
 Ammonia
 electrolysis
     Domestic
Power generation from renewable energy
     Hydrogen
    * Abbreviation for methylcyclohexane, a substance that enables the storage and transportation of hydrogen. It is characterized by its ease of handling as it is a liquid at ambient temperature and pressure.
    Fuels
Establishing a CO2-Free Fuel Supply Structure Utilizing the Existing Fuel Supply Infrastructure
Synthetic fuels are liquid fuels made from CO2 and hydrogen derived from renewable energy. They are alternatives to fossil fuels such as gasoline and diesel fuel. They are considered promising CO2-free energy sources since they can utilize existing fuel supply infrastructure and contribute to decarbonization in applications where electrification is difficult.
We are working to develop high-efficiency manufacturing processes and high-performance catalysts to drastically reduce manufacturing costs.
In anticipation of the growing demand for bio jet fuel going forward, we are evaluating the business potential of sustainable jet fuel manufacturing using waste materials, including plastic waste, as raw materials.
Manufacture of synthetic fuels made from renewable energy
Service stations
Fuel supply HVs,
ENEOS
Utilization of existing refinery facilities for the storage and manufacture of synthetic fuels made from renewable energy, and bio-fuels
   Refineries
Receipt and refining
   PHEVs, etc.
  Airplanes, etc.
  Manufacture
  Bio-material plastic waste
of bio-fuels, etc.
       Metal Recycling
Accelerating the Development of a Structure to Increase the Process Volume for Raw Materials for Recycling
We aim to contribute to the realization of a recycling-oriented society by reducing energy consumption and securing a steady supply of resources through high-efficiency, large-scale recycling at smelters.
We have recently increased the capacity of our smelting facilities and recycling bases and established distribution bases in order to increase the ratio of raw materials for recycling.
Pre-processing
    Receipt
Incineration
   Second Medium-Term Management Plan: Plan to increase the process volume for raw materials for recycling by 35% compared to fiscal 2019.
Smelting and refining process
ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021 32
Overseas Power generation from renewable energy
Overseas Unused resources
Hydrogen
Hydrogen CO2

 Message from the Executive Officer Responsible for the Finance and Investor Relations Departments
 Executing strategic investment
in growth businesses while maintaining a sound financial base
Tanaka Soichiro
Senior Vice President
Responsible for Controller Dept.,
Finance Dept., Investor Relations Dept.,
Public Relations Dept., Crisis Management Dept. ENEOS Holdings, Inc.
  Overview of Fiscal 2020
Profits increased due to higher sales volumes of functional and thin-film materials and improved domestic petroleum product margins, despite decreased sales of petroleum products.
In April 2020, both crude oil prices and copper prices dropped sharply amid waning demand. Afterward, however, crude oil prices reversed course and moved higher due to coordinated output cuts agreed upon at OPEC Plus talks and expectations for a recovery in energy demand with the resumption of economic activity. Copper prices also rose, owing to the recovery in demand for refined copper in China and the drop in supply volume from copper mines in South America.
On a consolidated basis, the Group’s business performance in fiscal 2020 was buoyed by commodity market conditions, a robust domestic petroleum product margin, and increased sales of functional and thin-film materials, among other factors, which helped to offset the diminished sales volume of petroleum products and reduced copper production caused by the COVID-19 pandemic.
As a result, the Group recorded net sales of 7,658.0 billion yen, down 2,353.8 billion yen over the previous year, and operating income of 254.2 billion yen, up 367.3 billion yen over the previous year. Operating income excluding inventory valuation totaled 215.5 billion yen, up 118.8 billion yen over the previous year. Net income attributable to owners of the parent came in at 114.0 billion yen, up 301.9 billion yen over the previous year.
33 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021

 To Our Stakeholders
Contents / Editorial Policy and Disclosure Media Framework / Part I
ENEOS Group Philosophy Value Creation Story
Part II
ESG Management
Financial and Corporate Data
 Outlook for Fiscal 2021
Despite improvement due to a recovery in crude oil prices, the impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic will persist.
The consolidated earnings forecast for fiscal 2021, announced in May 2021, includes net sales of 9,500.0 billion yen, an increase of 1,842.0 billion yen versus the previous year, operating income of 260.0 billion yen, an increase of 5.8 billion yen, operating income excluding invento- ry valuation of 230.0 billion yen, an increase of 14.5 billion yen, and net income attributable to owners of the parent of 140.0 billion yen, an increase of 26.0 billion yen.
This outlook for fiscal 2021 is based on the assumption that conditions will improve with the recovery in crude oil prices. However, we do not believe that sales volumes of petro- leum products will return to the levels seen in 2019 due to the continuing impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic. Although the challenging business environment has carried over from the last fiscal year, we will do our best to further increase profits by implementing a number of initiatives, including cost-cutting measures.
     Net sales
Operating income
Operating income excluding inventory valuation Net income attributable to owners of the parent
(Billion yen)
9,500.0 260.0 230.0 140.0
230.0
45.0
60.0
50.0
2021 (Forecast as of May 2021)
    Operating Income Excluding Inventory Valuation
Energy Business
(Billion yen)
250 200 150 100
50 0
-50
Oil and Natural Gas E&P Business
215.5
96.7
47.9
43.9
-38.8
2019 (Actual)
Metals Business
Other
Oil and Natural Gas E&P
+42.2
FY2019 Actual
10,011.8
-113.1
96.7
-187.9
FY2020 Actual
7,658.0
254.2
215.5
114.0
FY2021 Forecast as of May 2021
  82.4
 78.1
43.7
2.8
52.2
2020 (Actual)
(FY)
Energy -7.4
Metals -18.1
Other -2.2
75.0
 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021 34

Message from the Executive Officer Responsible for the Finance and Investor Relations Departments
Forecast for the Second Medium-Term Management Plan Main Management Indicators
Cash Flow Plan
(Billion yen)
 Operating income
(excl. inventory valuation)
Free cash flow
Net D/E ratio1
ROE
Net income attributable to owners of the parent
2nd Medium-Term Management Plan
Forecast as of May 2021
 Asset sales 150
  Working capital, taxes, and other 320
 Operating income (excl. inventory valuation)
970
 Strategic investment
830
 Depreciation and amortization
850
  Upstream & business maintenance
670
  Free cash flow 150
  (3-year cumulative total)
¥970.0 bn
  Asset sales 220
 Working capital, taxes and other 280
   Operating income (excl. inventory valuation)
760
  Strategic investment
8602
 Depreciation and amortization
800
  Upstream & business maintenance
6402
   (3-year cumulative total)
¥150.0 bn
 0.8× or lower
10% or higher
2nd Medium-Term Management Plan
FY2020
105
30
250
FY2021
105
60
270
FY2022
105
60
270
FY2020
106
45
312
Forecast as of May 2021
FY2021
105
60
340
FY2022
• Upstream assets (oil/coal) • Real estate, marketable
securities, etc.
   (3-year cumulative total)
¥510.0 bn
(3-year cumulative total)
¥760.0 bn
(3-year cumulative total)
¥0.0 bn 0.8× or lower
7%
(3-year cumulative total)
¥430.0 bn
2nd Medium-Term Management Plan
2 Investment amount partially rearranged
105 60 320
Forecast as of May 2021
Capital investment 1,500 billion yen
Free cash flow 0
1 Net D/E ratio adjusted for hybrid bonds (50% of the amount issued is calculated as equity)
Assumptions
Exchange rate (¥ / $) Crude Oil (Dubai) ($ / B) Copper (LME) (¢ / lb)
   Outlook for the Second Medium-Term Management Plan (FY2020–2022)
Accelerating efforts to develop our growth businesses and transform our business portfolio to achieve our Long-Term Vision
35 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021
The second Medium-Term Management Plan included the impacts of the COVID-19 pan- demic in the first half of fiscal 2020. Today, the pandemic continues and it is difficult to predict when it will be under control. We anticipate that the negative impacts on operating income if this situation persists until the end of fiscal 2022 will amount to 500.0 billion yen cumulatively over the plan’s three-year period.
Based on this assumption, we intend to continue with cost-cutting measures and asset sales, among other measures. As of May 2021, we forecast three-year cumulative operating income excluding inventory valuation of 760.0 billion yen, which is 210.0 billion yen less than the initial plan.
In terms of our investment plan, we will maintain the direction and scale set out in the Me- dium-Term Management Plan so that we can pursue business structure reforms compatible with a decarbonized and recycling-oriented society. At the same time, we will carry out asset sales and other measures to secure positive free cash flow. At the end of fiscal 2022, we expect our net debt-to-equity ratio to be 0.8 times or lower and ROE to be 7%. In addition, we have issued publicly offered hybrid corporate bonds worth 300 billion yen to fund strate- gic investments for the future and maintaining our financial soundness.
The business environment surrounding the Group is changing rapidly. To achieve the envisioned goals in the Long-Term Vision, we will speed up development of growth busi- nesses and transform our business portfolio in accordance with the business strategies and investment plan of the second Medium-Term Management Plan.

 To Our Stakeholders
Contents / Editorial Policy and Disclosure Media Framework / ENEOS Group Philosophy
Part I Part II Financial and Value Creation Story ESG Management Corporate Data
Capital Investment Plan
(3-year cumulative total)
1,500 billion yen
(Billion yen)
Main Investment Projects – Decided or In Progress4
   Next-generation energy supply, community services, and environmentally conscious businesses
4003
Petrochemicals and materials
2903
Renewable energy & hydrogen 130
 Electricity 70
 Environmentally conscious businesses, new services, etc. 200
 Electronic materials 140
 Petrochemicals, other materials, etc. 150
  Base businesses 170
Petroleum refining & marketing 120
     • Construction of a new biomass power plant in Muroran, Hokkaido • Participation in an offshore wind power generation business
in Taiwan
• Participation in a solar power generation business in Texas, USA • Participation in a solar power generation business in Australia • Participation in a solar power generation project in Hyogo, Japan • Participation in an onshore wind power project in Aomori
and Yamagata, Japan
• Verification-related investment to establish a hydrogen supply chain
• Capital participation in a gas-fired power plant in Ohio, USA • Participation in joint development of the Goi Thermal Power Plant
• Expansion of metal collection and processing capacity at our recycling center in Taiwan
• Construction of new chemical recycling facility in Kashima District, Ibaraki, Japan
• Signed an agreement to acquire JSR Corporation’s elastomers business
• Expansion of production capacity for sputtering targets for semiconductors
• Expansion of production facilities for high-voltage electric wire insulation materials (NUC)
Start of operation in May 2020 Start of operation in Dec. 2021
Start of operation in latter half of 2022 Start of operation in latter half of 2022 Start of operation in Jan. 2023 Start of operation in 2024 or later
Start of operation in mid-2021 Start of operation in 2024 or later
Start of operation in Apr. 2021 Start of operation in 2023
Conclusion of contract in May 2021 Start of operation in latter half of 2021 Start of operation in Dec. 2023
       Strategic investment
860
 Upstream & business maintenance
640
            3 Implement flexible investment within the total amount of the plan in response to changes in the business environment, M&A opportunities, etc.
Copper smelting Other and refining
30 20
• Investment in verification trial for automated plant operation using AI
4 As of Aug. 2021
 Philosophy on Returning Profits to Shareholders
Maintaining our current policy as we aim to return more profits to shareholders
We recognize that returning profits to shareholders is an important management task and maintain a basic policy of returning profits that reflect trends and the outlook for consolidat- ed business performance over the medium to long term.
Our policy for returning profits to shareholders during the second Medium-Term Man- agement Plan remains unchanged from the previous fiscal year. We will target a total share- holder return of at least 50% of net income excluding inventory valuation for the cumulative three years. As for the dividend for fiscal 2021, we plan to pay a dividend of 22 yen per share and we will ensure that it does not fall below the level paid out in fiscal 2020, regard- less of our profit situation. Looking ahead, we will aim for further shareholder returns through progress in achieving our management targets.
Dividend Policy of the Second Medium-Term Management Plan
Annual dividend per share Total return ratio (excluding inventory valuation)
3-year (FY2020 to 2022) cumulative of 50% or more,
(Yen) excluding inventory valuation effects (%) 60 52 60
40 33 Lower limit: 40 22 yen/share
20 21 22 22 00
2018 2019 2020 2021–2022 (FY) (Plan)
   20
   ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021 36
Plan to pay dividend of 22 yen/share in FY2021

 Financial and Non-Financial Highlights
Financial Highlights (IFRS) Net Sales
Note: Figures for fiscal 2016 are the totals of JX Holdings and TonenGeneral Sekiyu for the period from April 2016 to March 2017.
Operating Income, Operating Income Excluding Inventory Valuation and Operating Profit Margin (Excluding Inventory Valuation)
 (Billion yen) 12,000
6,000
0
Metals business
(Billion yen)
Other
537.1 487.5 3.6
372.6
2017
(%)
6.0
10,301.1 9,249.7
11,129.6
10,011.8
600
400 200 0 -200
515.7
Operating income Energy business Oil and Natural Gas E&P business
Operating profit margin (excluding inventory valuation)
  374.0
2.0
184.5
2016
4.6
4.0 215.5 2.0
0
 7,658.0
254.2
2.8
1.0 96.7
  2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 (FY)
2018
-113.1
2019 2020 (FY)
Net sales declined compared to the previous year. The main factors were the drop in crude oil prices and the decline in sales volume due to the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Operating income increased compared to the previous year. Contributing factors include the rebound from substantial inventory valuation losses in the previous year, as well as the strong domestic petroleum product margin, rising copper prices, and increased sales of functional and thin-film materials.
Net Income and ROE
Net income attributable to owners of parent
ROE
(%)
20
10
Free Cash Flow
(Billion yen) 700
350
0
20191
1 The application of IFRS 16 Leases is excluded from fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2020.
Free cash flow after repayment of lease liabilities totaled 295.1 billion yen. The main factors were gaps in the timing of gasoline tax payment due to the impacts of holidays and delays in the progress of capital investment.
(Billion yen)
400 361.9
322.3
12.3
612.0
 212.8 15.2 9.6
114.0 4.9
00
-187.9
137.3
295.1 79.4
  2016 2017
20201 (FY)
2020 (FY) Net income attributable to owners of parent returned to positive with the
increase in operating income.
37 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021
2018 2019
2017 2018
200
-200

 To Our Stakeholders
Contents / Editorial Policy and Disclosure Media Framework / ENEOS Group Philosophy
Part I Part II Financial and Value Creation Story ESG Management Corporate Data
 Shareholders’ Equity, Net Interest-Bearing Debt, and Net D/E Ratio
Total Dividends, Total Share Buybacks and Total Return Ratio
Shareholders’ equity
Net interest-bearing debt
Net D/E ratio
(Times) 2.0
Total dividends
(Billion yen)
150
Total share buybacks
Total return ratio
(excluding inventory valuation)2
(Billion yen) 4,000
(%)
60
  2,000
0.89 1,810.4 1,830.1 1,898.8 0.62 0.59 0.70
1.0
30.0
75 34 030
2,642.7
2,707.9
2,752.5
30.0 33
2,920.0 2,351.3
3,119.8
52 48.9
1,617.9 0.59
0
54.8
16 yen per share
2016
65.0
19 yen per share
2017
70.5
21 yen per share
2018
70.9
22 yen per share
2019
70.9
22 yen
per share 0
2020 (FY)
 00 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 (FY)
The net D/E ratio was 0.59 times, maintaining the target level of the second Medium-Term Management Plan and ensuring a stable financial base.
0
  Earnings per Share (EPS) and Book Value per Share (BPS)
R&D Costs and Capital Investment
Earnings per share (EPS)
(Yen/share) 900
450
105.92
Book value per share (BPS)
R&D costs
Capital investment
0
-450
95.36
743
816
718
35.48 -57.86
724
(Billion yen) 400
200
0
2 Calculated based on profit attributable to owners of parent excluding inventory valuation.
The annual dividend was 22 yen per share, the same as the previous year.
The total return ratio was 52% of net income excluding inventory valuation.
295.7
321.0 304.4
19.1 20.9 22.6
274.9
 21.1
 2017 2018 2019 2020 (FY)
2017
2018 2019
2020 (FY)
EPS was 35.48 yen per share. The one-time losses caused by COVID-19 in the previous fiscal year, including inventory valuation losses and impairment losses, were no longer factors in fiscal 2020, leading to positive EPS.
The main breakdown of R&D costs was 12.1 billion yen for the Energy business and 9.6 billion yen for the Metals business. Capital investment was allocated in the following ratios: about 60% for the Energy business, 10% for the Oil and Natural Gas E&P business, and 20% for the Metals business, with the remainder allocated to other businesses.
ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021 38

Financial and Non-Financial Highlights
 Non-Financial Highlights Power Generation from Renewable Energy
Note: Figures for fiscal 2016 are the combined totals of the JX Group and the TonenGeneral Group.
Hydro
75,572
Wind
Geothermal
Biomass
83,157
CO2 Emissions1 (Million t-CO2)
400
300 287.38 200
Solar
(MWh) 500,000
~
100,000 50,000
In fiscal 2020, we greatly increased biomass power generation with the start of operation of the Muroran Biomass Power Plant. Moreover, in addition to the solar and onshore wind power businesses using idle land, we are actively engaged in the offshore wind power business.
Landfill Disposal Volume and Waste-to-Landfill Ratio
  Landfill disposal volume (Tons)
30,000
15,000
Waste-to-landfill ratio (%)
82,548
84,834
187.492
2020 (FY)
100 00
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 (FY)
2016 2017
2018 2019
406,045
270.43
254.99
245.86
  Lost work time (directly employed) Lost work time (contractors)
26 23
19
12
0.7
0 000000
28,662
2.0
1.0
Fatalities (directly employed) Fatalities (contractors)
(Persons) 30
20
10
1 Total of Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 (direct emissions from corporate activities, indirect emissions from energy use, and indirect emissions from customer consumption)
2 Preliminary figure for fiscal 2020
Although we fell short of our reduction target for fiscal 2020 due to such impacts as reduced operation of our refineries and CCS, we will continue to pursue CO2 reduction aimed at the achievement of carbon neutrality (in our own emissions) in 2040.
Number of Occupational Injuries3
 11,765
0.7 0.6
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 (FY)
In fiscal 2020, we maintained zero emissions (waste-to-landfill ratio of less than 1%), despite a significant increase in landfill disposal volume due to factors such as the start of operation of the Muroran Biomass Power Plant and the inclusion of figures from JX Nippon Mining & Metals affiliate Taniobis. While pursuing waste recycling, we are also working to reduce the volume of raw materials used by increasing production efficiency, and to increase the volume of raw materials for recycling.
18 16
25
20
 14,035 15,151 0.9 0.8
 9,304
10
11032
    39 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 (FY) 3 Scope: Principal operating companies
There were two occupational fatalities of contractors due to falls from heights. Health and safety is one of the top priorities in the ENEOS Group Philosophy. We will investigate the causes of these serious accidents, and develop and implement measures to prevent recurrence.

To Our Stakeholders
Contents / Editorial Policy and Disclosure Media Framework / ENEOS Group Philosophy
Part I Part II Financial and Value Creation Story ESG Management Corporate Data
 Occupational Injury Frequency Rate4,6 and Severity Rate5,6
Frequency rate (ENEOS Group)
Frequency rate (industry average [Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare survey]) Severity rate (ENEOS Group)
Severity rate (industry average [Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare survey])
Percentage of Women among New Hires7 (%)
2 1.83 1.80 1.63 1.66
1.95
20
18.8 13.4
  1 10
0.40
0.10
0.29 0.09
0.39
0.37
0 0.01
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 (FY)
0.01
0.00
0
2019 2020 (FY) 7 Scope of data: ENEOS Holdings and principal operating companies
14.9
14.1
14.3
 0.09 0.09 0.09 0.00 0.02
  4 Number of occupational fatalities and injuries per one million work hours
5 Number of work days lost per one thousand work hours
6 Scope: The refineries, plants, and business sites of our principal operating companies
The frequency rate and severity rate are trending well below the average for all industries in Japan (according to a Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare survey). However, we take the occupational fatalities with the utmost seriousness, and as a company that provides work environments for a large number of employees, including those of contractor companies, we will develop effective safety activities according to our business characteristics.
Employee Data8
We are increasing our hiring and promotion of women as one measure to harness the diversity of our workforce in order to create new value. We aim to continually achieve our target for the percentage of women among newly hired university graduates.
2016 2017 2018
 Male Number of employees Female
Total
Turnover rate9 (%)
Average years of employment
Number of re-hired employees (after mandatory retirement)
Ratio of female managers (%)
Ratio of employees with disabilities (%)
Paid leave
Childcare leave
Number of employees taking family care leave
Labor union10
Number of members Membership rate (%)
Number of days of paid leave granted
Number of days of paid leave taken
Paid leave usage rate (%)
Total number of employees taking childcare leave
Number of male employees taking childcare leave
Rate of employees returning to work (%)
9,930
1,221
11,151
3.1
19.1
589
2.7
2.4
22.0
19.8
90.0
220
171
100
9,328
99.5
5
10,060
1,321
11,381
2.2
19.0
799
3.2
2.4
22.2
20.5
92.3
330
277
100
9,484
99.9
6
 March 31, 2019
March 31, 2020
March 31, 2021 10,193
1,447 11,640 3.8 18.6 556 3.9 2.5 22.0 19.2 87.4 408 359 99.2 6 8,775 99.8
                      8 Scope of data: ENEOS Holdings, ENEOS, JX Nippon Oil & Gas Exploration, JX Nippon Mining & Metals
9 Percentage of regular employees as of March of each year
10 ENEOS Holdings and JX Nippon Oil & Gas Exploration do not have labor unions.
Employees of ENEOS Holdings are seconded from principal operating companies and belong to the labor unions at their companies of origin.
ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021 40

 Part II
  ESG Management
We are working to create new value through our business activities to grow sustainability in all aspects of society.
   ESG Management
ESG Management Structure 43
    41 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021

   Corporate Governance
Basic Approach and Framework
Evaluation of the Effectiveness of the Board of Directors
Policy for Appointing Director Candidates
Training for Directors and Corporate Auditors of Principal Operating Companies
Determination of Director Remuneration Governance of Listed Subsidiaries Policy on Strategic Shareholdings
Risk Management
Compliance
Message from an Outside Director Executives
58
 60 60
61
61
63
64
64
67
68 69
           Environmental Initiatives
Special Feature: Contributing to a
Decarbonized Society
Our Response to Climate Change Risks
and Opportunities 47
Development of a Recycling-
Oriented Society 53
      Social Initiatives
Ensuring Safety
Respect for Human Rights
Human Resource Development
Healthy Work Environment / Health
54 55 56
57
   ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021 42

 ESG Management
ESG Management Structure
To achieve sustainable growth, our value must be recognized by building more credibility with our stakeholders through our response to social needs and the resolution of social issues.
The ENEOS Group has accordingly formulated the Basic Policy for ESG Management and established a structure in which the Executive Council analyzes management risks and business opportunities and confirms the status of responses to identified risks and material ESG issues.
Process for Identifying Risks and Material Issues and Confirming Response Status
1. Comprehensive discussions (held annually in the third quarter) (see (1) in diagram below)
The Executive Council comprehensively discusses the following matters to ensure effective discussion and quick decision-making.
• Material risks identified through the enterprise risk management (ERM) system (see page 65)
• Material ESG issues identified through ESG risk analysis
• Internal control risks identified through the internal control
system (see page 65)
2. Determination of responses and status confirmation (annually in the first quarter) (see (2) in diagram below)
Under the guidance of the departments in charge at ENEOS Holdings, the relevant departments and principal operating companies work together in a cross-functional manner to develop and implement responses for the identified risks and material issues.
The Executive Council confirms the status of responses
  Basic Policy for ESG Management
• ESG management at the ENEOS Group involves formulating management and business strategies based on risks and business opportunities and creating both economic value (profits) and social value (resolution of social issues) through our business in order to realize the ENEOS Group Philosophy.
• The ENEOS Group is a group of companies that strives to earn the trust of stakeholders through the implementation of ESG management in our business operations.
ESG Management Structure
 ENEOS Holdings Executive Council
    Board of Directors
Monitoring/ Supervision
(4) Reporting
(3) Business opportunities
Business strategies Medium-Term Management Plan
    Material ESG issues
(ESG risk analysis)
(1) Identification of risks and material issues (third quarter)
(2) Determination of responses and status confirmation (first quarter)
Discussions on risks
Material risks
(Group-wide ERM; see page 65)
  Internal control risks
(see page 65)
 (5) Implementation of Group policies
 43 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021
(1)
Group companies
(2)
Cross-functional response to identified risks and material issues (under the guidance of the departments in charge at ENEOS Holdings)*
 Material issues Relevant departments
 Material issues Relevant departments
 Material issues Relevant departments
 Material issues Relevant departments
 * Example: Internal Control Department and Legal & Corporate Affairs Department work together to build and operate a comprehensive internal control structure (see page 65)

 To Our Stakeholders
Contents / Editorial Policy and Disclosure Media Framework / ENEOS Group Philosophy
Part I Part II Financial and Value Creation Story ESG Management Corporate Data
for the previous fiscal year and determines the responses for the current fiscal year.
3. Discussion of business opportunities (as needed) (see (3) in diagram at left below)
The Executive Council appropriately incorporates discussions of business opportunities into deliberations on the Medium-Term Management Plan and fiscal year business plans as well as the budgets based on these plans.
4. Reporting to the Board of Directors (as needed) (see (4) in diagram at left below)
The Board of Directors passes resolutions on management, medium-term management plans and budgets, and also performs monitoring and supervision by receiving reports (once a year, in principle) on risks and material issues determined by the Executive Council and on the status of responses.
In fiscal 2020, the following ESG-related matters were reported to the Board of Directors.
• Fiscal 2019 performance results and fiscal 2020 action plans • Responses to specific issues
· TCFD recommendations
· Business and human rights · CSR procurement
5. Sharing with Group companies (as needed) (see (5) in diagram at left below)
We share and communicate the identified risks and material issues with all Group companies, and each Group company reflects them in their business strategies.
Verifying and Identifying Material ESG Issues
The ENEOS Group identifies material ESG issues every year based on various guidelines as well as the assessment items and weightings of ESG assessment organizations.
Following the identification procedures, 15 material ESG issues were identified for fiscal 2021.
In addition, departments responsible and KPIs are set for each material ESG issue, and the progress of KPIs and the results of measures for material ESG issues are reported to the Executive Council and the Board of Directors.
Identification Procedure for Material ESG Issues
Designate ESG risks by comprehensively examining various guidelines (GRI Standards, ISO 26000, US Sustainability Accounting Standards Council (SASB), etc.), assessment items of ESG assessment organizations, and the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)
Assess the degree of materiality of the ESG risks designated in Step 1 based on the assessment weightings of ESG assessment organizations
Identify the ESG risks assessed in Step 2 that exceed the assessment reference baselines as material ESG issues
Material ESG Issues Identified for Fiscal 2021
* In descending order of assessment score
 Step 1
Designate ESG risks to consider
  Step 2
Assess the designated ESG risks
  Step 3
Identify material ESG issues
  Category
Material ESG issues
  Environmental
Social Governance Governance Social
Social
Social
Social
Social Environmental Environmental Governance Environmental Environmental Governance
Contribution to the development of a low-carbon society
Ensuring safety / Health enhancement
Appropriate structuring and operation of corporate governance
Compliance
Communication with stakeholders (investors, etc.)
Compliance with international principles on human rights
Securing and developing human resources Diversity and inclusion
Work-life management
Contribution to the development of a recycling-oriented society
Understanding and management of biodiversity risks
Social responsibility in the supply chain Understanding and management of water risks Control of air pollutant emissions
Effective risk management
               ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021 44

Status of Responses to Material ESG Issues
Thirteen specific targets (KPIs) for nine material ESG issues were developed for fiscal 2020. Eight of the targets were achieved and five were not.
We have identified 15 material ESG issues and established 25 targets (KPIs) for fiscal 2021.
Fiscal 2020 Response Status
* See the ENEOS Report: ESG Data Book 2021 (available on our website in January 2022) for further details.
ESG Data Book—ESG Management
ESG https://www.hd.eneos.co.jp/english/csr/
DATA
Evaluation:
Achieved/Steady progress
Not achieved
  Category
Environmental
Social
Governance
Material ESG Issues
Development of
a low-carbon society
Development of
a recycling-oriented society
Ensuring safety
Health enhancement
Respect for human rights
Human resource development
Promotion of diversity and inclusion
Promotion of work-life management
Compliance
Target (KPI)
Reduction in CO2 emissions:
Reduce by 3.63 million tons compared to fiscal 2009
Waste-to-landfill ratio:
Maintain zero emissions (less than 1%)
Zero serious occupational injuries (occupational fatalities) Achieve TRIR of 1.0 or less (Number of occupational injuries of non-lost-time severity or greater per one million working hours)
Achieve cancer screening rate of 70% or higher
100% participation rate in human rights training
Implementation of effective training based on human resource development plan
Women comprise at least 25% of newly hired graduates by fiscal 2020
Maintain employment rate of people with disabilities
at 2.2% or higher
Maintain annual paid leave days taken at 80% or higher Maintain 100% rate of return to work after childcare leave
Conduct legal compliance inspections
Implement training on important laws and regulations
Results/Progress
      Reduced by 3.14 million tons compared
to fiscal 2009
0.69%
Two serious occupational injuries
1.50 63%
100% Completed
32.8% 2.5%
87.4% 99.2%
Completed Completed
         Note: Data from ENEOS Holdings, principal operating companies, and NIPPO
45 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021

To Our Stakeholders
Contents / Editorial Policy and Disclosure Media Framework / Part I Part II Financial and ENEOS Group Philosophy Value Creation Story ESG Management Corporate Data
Fiscal 2021 Material ESG Issues and Targets (KPIs)
Reduction in CO2 emissions: Reduce by 4.02 million tons compared to fiscal 2009 Waste-to-landfill ratio: Maintain zero emissions (less than 1%)
Understand risks at manufacturing sites and examine responses
Serious environmental incidents: zero
Serious legal compliance incidents: zero
Understand risks at manufacturing sites and examine responses
Serious environmental incidents: zero Serious legal compliance incidents: zero
Zero serious occupational injuries (occupational fatalities)
Achieve TRIR of 1.0 or less
Increase the cancer screening rate (recommendations)
Achieve screening rate of 70% or higher for stomach cancer, colorectal cancer, breast cancer, and cervical cancer
Effective engagement with investors and others
Implement human rights due diligence, including for subsidiaries Implement human rights training
Implement effective training and evaluation based on the human resources development plan
Maintain rate of women among newly hired graduates at 25% or higher Maintain employment rate of people with disabilities at 2.3% or higher
Maintain annual paid leave days taken at 80% or higher Maintain 100% rate of return to work after childcare leave
Implement evaluations of effectiveness for the Board of Directors
Improve corporate governance based on the corporate governance code and analysis of the results of exercising voting rights at general meetings of shareholders
Conduct legal compliance inspections
Implement training on important laws and regulations (Anti-Monopoly Act, etc.) Appropriate operation of the internal reporting system
Implement CSR procurement surveys at overseas sites in addition to domestic sites, where surveys have already been conducted
Communicate the Group’s procurement policies and procurement guidelines for business partners
Steady execution of the risk management process
  Category
Environmental
Social
Governance
Material ESG Issues
Contribution to the development of a low-carbon society
Contribution to the development of a recycling-oriented society
Understanding and management of biodiversity risks
Understanding and management of water risks
Control of air pollutant emissions
Ensuring safety / Health enhancement
Communication with stakeholders (investors, etc.)
Compliance with international principles on human rights
Securing and developing human resources
Diversity and inclusion
Work-life management
Appropriate structuring and operation of corporate governance
Compliance
Social responsibility in the supply chain
Effective risk management
Target (KPI)
                    Note: Data from ENEOS Holdings, principal operating companies, and NIPPO
ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021 46

Environmental Initiatives
 Special Feature
Contributing to a Decarbonized Society
Our Response to Climate Change Risks and Opportunities
Basic Approach
As an energy and materials company group, the ENEOS Group recognizes that its response to climate change involves both material management risks and opportunities. We believe that developing practical solutions to climate change will enable us to continuously generate profits into the future. As a clear expression of our intent, we established the following as our envisioned goals in our Long-Term Vision to 2040: become one of the most prominent and internationally competitive energy and materials company groups in Asia, create value by trans- forming our current business structure, and contribute to the development of a low-carbon, recycling-oriented society. We have also stated our intent to achieve carbon neutrality in our own emissions by 2040.
To succeed in these endeavors, we are implementing com- prehensive measures to reduce energy consumption at our
Governance System for Climate Change
The Company’s Executive Council, chaired by its president, deliberates on the Group’s response to climate change, includ- ing in future business plans, and manages and evaluates the status of climate initiatives from a cross-functional perspective. The council reports the results of its deliberations, management and evaluation to the Company’s Board of Directors, and is monitored and supervised by the Board of Directors.
refineries, plants, and smelters, while developing and strength- ening renewable energy, CO2-free hydrogen, carbon capture and storage (CCS), and carbon capture, utilization and storage (CCUS) businesses.
To enhance and broaden its disclosures, the Company signed a statement of support for the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures in May 2019. The Company also endorsed the Challenge Zero initiative of the Japan Business Federation (Keidanren) in June 2020. This initiative calls on members to develop technologies that enable zero emissions.
Deliberations in Fiscal 2020
Board of Directors: CSR (ESG) activity status report (May) Development of second Medium-Term Management Plan (May)
Executive Council: CSR (ESG) activity status report (Apr.) Development of second Medium-Term Management Plan (May)
Determination of risks for the following fiscal year (Jan.)
   Response to Climate Change and Link to Executive Remuneration
Remuneration for the Company’s directors consists of a monthly remuneration in accordance with role, performance-linked bonuses and share remuneration. Performance-linked bonuses and share remuneration serve as incentives for the development and implemen- tation of competitive medium- and long-term business strategies,
which serve to increase share value.
We have added CO2 emissions reduction volumes as a perfor-
mance indicator for share remuneration for fiscal 2020–2022.
For more information on director remuneration, see pages 61–63.
47 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021
  
   To Our Stakeholders
Contents / Editorial Policy and Disclosure Media Framework / ENEOS Group Philosophy
Part I Part II Financial and Value Creation Story ESG Management Corporate Data
Scenario Analysis
The ENEOS Group regularly analyzes long-term forecasts of energy demand based on the World Energy Outlook report, published annually by the International Energy Agency (IEA).
When developing its Long-Term Vision to 2040, the Group referred to the World Energy Outlook 2018 New Policies Sce- nario and Sustainable Development Scenario, which is based on the Paris Agreement. Using this information, the Group identified three long-term trends in the business environment: the devel- opment of a low-carbon, recycling-oriented society, digital inno- vation, and lifestyle changes.
By 2040, the Group envisions the mass introduction of renewable energy; the replacement of gasoline and diesel cars
with electric vehicles (EVs), used for car sharing and energy stor- age; distributed energy resources with energy storage; and recycling technology and infrastructure for metals and plastic. Although we expect domestic fuel demand to decline to half the 2017 level, we also foresee a great increase in demand for hydrogen and renewable energy in line with the shift to a low carbon, recycling-oriented society.
In addition, with the progression of digital innovation, demand is expected to rise dramatically for copper, a base metal, raw materials for recycling, and high-performance and advanced materials required for digital devices.
Development of a low-carbon, recycling-oriented society
• Ever-increasing global warming concerns (including extreme weather events and natural disasters worldwide)
• Rapidly decreasing cost of renewable energy and battery storage
• Natural resource conservation efforts worldwide (rare metals, plastic waste, etc.)
Mass introduction of
renewable energy
EVs, used for car sharing
and energy storage, replace gasoline and diesel cars
Lifestyle changes
• Growing world economy, especially in Asia, and people seeking abundant life
• People active until 100 years old
• Congestion in urban areas and greater
need for community development
• Growth of sharing economy, preference for experiences rather than material possessions
Changes in the Business Environment
Digital innovation
• Rapid progress of Internet society and blockchain technology
• Dramatic improvement in productivity with IoT, AI, robotics, etc.
• Electrification (shift to EVs, autonomous driving, etc.)
Scenario in 2040
Low-carbon, recycling-oriented society
    Distributed energy resources with energy storage
Recycling technology and infrastructure for metals and plastic in place
           Various service providers help people enjoy a more comfortable life
ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021 48

 Risks and Opportunities, and Our Responses
In fiscal 2017, the Group introduced an enterprise risk management (ERM) structure based on the COSO* ERM framework (see page 65). Following this process, we identified risks and opportunities related to climate change as outlined in the table below.
* An internal control framework released by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) and adopted by countries around the world.
Risks and Opportunities Identified and Timeline
   Category
Transition risks
Physical risks
Opportunities
Policy and legal Higher costs for achieving carbon neutrality
Technology
Declining demand for petroleum due to advancements in EV technologies
Market and Reputation
Declining demand for petroleum due to growing environ- mental awareness
Market Stranding of upstream oil assets
Acute
Increasing frequency and severity of wind and flood damage caused by extreme weather events
Chronic Rising sea levels caused by global warming
Examples
Resource efficiency Increasing demand for raw materials for recycling
Energy source
Increasing demand for hydrogen, renewable energy, and distributed energy
Products and services
Expansion of initiatives to reduce environmental impacts in the mobility industry
Increasing demand for functional and thin-film materials needed for electrification
Markets
Growing access to distributed energy markets due to digital innovation and lifestyle changes
Resilience Diversification of energy
Timeline
    Medium to long term
Medium to long term (demand already declining)
Short term (demand already declining)
Medium to long term
Short term (extreme weather events already increasing)
Medium to long term
Medium to long term
Medium to long term
Medium to long term
Medium to long term
Medium to long term
           Financial Impacts of Climate Change-Related Risks and Opportunities
Recognizing the importance of disclosing information about the implications of climate change on the Group’ s financial perfor- mance, ENEOS Holdings has signed a statement of support for the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). Accordingly, the Group is enhanc-
ing its information disclosure based on the TCFD recommenda- tions. Calculations of financial impacts include numerous poten- tial risks, uncertainties and assumptions, and changes in material factors may lead to substantially different outcomes from the envisioned scenarios.
49 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021

  To Our Stakeholders
Contents / Editorial Policy and Disclosure Media Framework / ENEOS Group Philosophy
Part I Part II Financial and Value Creation Story ESG Management Corporate Data
1. Financial impacts of transition risks
(1) Higher costs for achieving carbon neutrality
The ENEOS Group will work to become carbon neutral in its own emissions by reducing CO2 emissions by 17 million tons by 2040. We will achieve this by reducing our environmental bur- den and strengthening our environmentally conscious business- es. If we were to acquire carbon credits commensurate with a 17-million-ton reduction in CO2 emissions, our costs would increase by about 90 billion yen1.
1 Carbon credit price (52 USD/tCO2 [IEA World Energy Outlook 2020]) × volume (17 million tons) × exchange rate
(2) Declining demand for petroleum due to advancements in EV technologies / Declining demand for petroleum due to growing environmental awareness
Demand for petroleum in Japan is projected to fall by around 40% by 2040 compared with the 2019 level according to the Stated Policies Scenario (STEPS)2 in the IEA World Energy
2. Financial impacts of physical risks
(1) Increasing frequency and severity of wind and flood damage caused by extreme weather events
(major typhoons)
Based on repair expenses following major typhoons in fiscal 2018 and 2019, we estimate that such expenses could total about 2 billion yen if our facilities were damaged by a typhoon of similar scale.
Outlook 2020 report. We expect that this drop in demand will reduce operating income from petroleum and other products in the Energy business by about 40 billion yen3 annually from fiscal 2020 to 2022, the period of the second Medium-Term Manage- ment Plan.
2 The scenario incorporates the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic in addition to countries’ plans for Nationally Determined Contributions.
3 FY2020–2022: 305 billion yen ÷ 3 years × 40%
(3) Stranding of upstream oil assets
Upstream oil assets owned by the Group consisted of reserves totaling 452 million barrels oil equivalent as of March 31, 2021, equivalent to 46 million barrels of annual production volume over the next 10 years. Therefore, we believe that the long-term risk of stranding of upstream oil assets is low. In fiscal 2020, operat- ing income from oil and natural gas development projects came to 2.8 billion yen.
(2) Rising sea levels caused by global warming
About 1 billion yen in expenses was needed annually for mea- sures to deal with rising sea levels in fiscal 2018 and 2019, including expenses for increasing the number of water pumps and raising the height of structures affected by high tides. Assuming the same measures will continue, around 1 billion yen will be needed every fiscal year going forward.
    Response to Physical Risks
During the capex planning stage, the Group examines risks associated with localized wind and flood damage caused by extreme weather events and rising sea levels, and takes action as necessary, including incorporating these risks into its business continuity plan (BCP).
For example, the 10 ENEOS refineries in Japan are geographically dispersed, resulting in a supply system where refineries in one area are able to offset, to a certain degree, any impacts that may arise if refineries in another area are unable to operate at full capacity.
Location of ENEOS Refineries and Plant
10 Refineries 1 Plant
Sakai
Mizushima Marifu Oita
Sendai
Kashima
(Kashima Oil Co., Ltd.)
Chiba (Osaka International Refining Company, Limited)
Kawasaki
Negishi Yokohama
   Wakayama
ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021 50

 3. Financial impacts of opportunities
(1) Increasing demand for raw materials for recycling
Demand for base metals like copper and various rare metals is expected to increase in the future in line with the shift to a decar- bonized, recycling-oriented society, combined with digital inno- vation. Therefore, making greater use of raw materials for recycling will be important for meeting such growing demand.
In our copper smelting and refining business, raw materials for recycling currently make up about 12% of the total amount of raw materials needed, but we are working to increase this per- centage to 50%. In fiscal 2020, operating income from copper smelting and recycling amounted to about 30 billion yen, and we aim to increase this amount going forward.
For more information, see “Hybrid Smelting” on page 30.
(2) Increasing demand for hydrogen and renewable energy
With the shift to a decarbonized, recycling-oriented society, demand for hydrogen, renewable energy and EVs is expected to grow. Based on estimates of the size of these markets in 2040, as well as assumptions regarding the Group’ s market share and operating income rate, we estimate that operating income in these businesses could reach about 100 billion yen by that year. Therefore, we are proactively expanding these growth business- es, while paying close attention to economic feasibility, in order to raise our corporate value.
For more information, see “Building a Supply Chain for CO2-Free Electricity, Hydrogen and Fuels” on page 23.
An electric car sharing service verification trial underway in Saitama City
(3) Expansion of initiatives to reduce environmental impacts in the mobility industry / Increasing demand for function- al and thin-film materials needed for electrification
With the shift to a decarbonized, recycling-oriented society, the growth of next-generation vehicles, particularly EVs, is anticipated, but demand for automobile tires is expected to increase regardless of the power source change. Consequent- ly, the global market for synthetic rubber is projected to increase by between two and three percent annually.
ENEOS has acquired JSR Corporation’ s elastomers busi- ness, which includes the manufacture and sale of synthetic rub- ber, and will supply the main product of this business, an advanced raw material for the treads of high-performance, fuel-efficient tires, thereby helping to reduce environmental impacts. We forecast about 10 billion yen in operating income from this elastomers business by fiscal 2023, and expect it to continue steadily in the future.
For more information, see “Acquisition of Elastomers Business” on page 24.
With the advancement of digital innovation, high-performance and advanced materials needed for IoT, AI and robotics are expected to remain in high demand. The Group has already secured a share of about 60% in the global functional and thin-film materials markets, which includes sputtering targets for semiconductors and targets for magnetic materials. Our func- tional materials business and thin-film materials business gener- ated a combined total of about 30 billion yen in operating income in fiscal 2020, and we seek to further increase income from these businesses in the future. Our Metals business, which includes copper mining and smelting as well as resource recy- cling, generated about 80 billion yen in operating income in fiscal 2020, and we expect continued steady growth of this business due to the anticipated increase in copper demand.
For more information, see “Increasing Production Capacity” on page 29.
  Building a Business Portfolio That Addresses Risks and Opportunities
We are accelerating structural reforms to build a resilient busi- ness portfolio that will enable us to respond to risks and opportu- nities that have been identified and achieve sustainable growth. In building our business portfolio, we have largely categorized the Group’ s businesses into growth businesses, where we will increase strategic investment, and base businesses. In petro-
leum refining and marketing, one of our base businesses, we will optimize the value chain and maximize cash flows through improved efficiencies and resilience while fulfilling our responsibil- ity to provide a stable supply of energy. In our growth business- es, we will focus on five newly defined businesses where we will effectively concentrate our management resources.
51 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021

  To Our Stakeholders
Contents / Editorial Policy and Disclosure Media Framework / ENEOS Group Philosophy
Part I Part II Financial and Value Creation Story ESG Management Corporate Data
Overview of Our Future Businesses to 2040
Pursuing strategic growth and cash flow maximization
Note: The bubbles show the 2040 business portfolio image.
Act as a platform provider
Community Services
    Add high value to petroleum
Petrochemicals
Oil and Natural Gas E&P
Enhance our technological capabilities
Materials (Electronic materials, etc.)
Petroleum Refining & Marketing
Next-Generation Energy Supply
Environmentally Conscious Businesses
   Contribute to the development of a low-carbon, recycling-oriented society
Metal Resources Development, Copper Smelting and Refining
  Stable supply of energy and optimization of the value chain
2019 Create value by transforming our current business structure 2040 Note: Partially revised in May 2020
Indicators and Targets
As a milestone toward its stated goal of achieving carbon neutrality in its own emissions by 2040, the ENEOS Group has developed the Medium-Term Environmental Management Plan for fiscal 2020 to 2022, and has established long-term environmental targets to 2030.
The ENEOS Group aims to be carbon neutral in its own CO2 emissions in fiscal 2040. We will achieve this by strengthening and expanding businesses that impose a low environmental burden and strengthening environmentally conscious businesses.
We aim to reduce CO2 emissions by 10.17 million tons in fiscal 2030, compared to fiscal 2009, by pursuing energy conservation measures in business activities and pursuing sales and development of environmentally friendly products*, including renewable energy, while also pursuing environmentally conscious businesses and contributing to the development of a low-carbon, recycling-oriented society.
Medium-Term Environmental Management Plan
   Environmental Vision (Fiscal 2040)
  Long-term environmental targets (Fiscal 2030)
      Key themes
Basic initiatives
Concrete measures aimed at 2022
 Contribution to a low-carbon society
Pursuit of energy conservation measures in business activities
CO2 recovery in business activities
(Scope 1 and Scope 2)
• Reduce CO2 emissions by 2.16 million tons compared to fiscal 2009 by pursuing energy conservation
• CCS/CCUS initiatives
Reduction of CO2 emissions in the supply chain (Scope 3)
• Reduce CO2 emissions of customers by 1.2 million tons compared to fiscal 2009 by promoting sale and development of environmentally friendly products*
Develop businesses in hydrogen and renewable energy
• Develop hydrogen station business
• Develop renewable energy business
Total reduction of 920,000 tons from biomass, solar power, wind power, and other forms of renewable energy
 Total CO2 emission reduction target: 4.28 million tons in fiscal 2022
        * Information about the Group’s environmentally friendly products is available on the following website (available in Japanese only). https://www.eneos.co.jp/ecoproducts/
ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021 52
Expectation
Growth businesses Base businesses Strategic investment Maximize cash flows

Environmental Initiatives
Development of a Recycling-Oriented Society
Reduction in landfill disposal
The ENEOS Group manages and recycles waste appropriately, with a target of maintaining zero emissions (waste-to-landfill ratio of less than 1%).
In fiscal 2020, waste totaled 4,151 thousand tons, and
landfill waste totaled 29 thousand tons. We pursue recycling
and reuse through initiatives for waste reduction, including
using the collected particulate matter and sludge released
from oil refineries as raw materials for cement, and the repeat-
ed use of neutralized slag at our smelting and refining facilities.
The waste-to-landfill ratio was 0.7%, indicating that we contin-
ue to achieve zero emissions.
* See the ENEOS Report: ESG Data Book 2021 (available on our website in January 2022) for further details.
ESG Data Book—Initiatives to Promote the 3Rs (Reduce, Reuse, Recycle) ESG https://www.hd.eneos.co.jp/english/csr/
 Initiative
Target (KPI)
Waste-to-landfill ratio:
Maintain zero emissions (less than 1%)
Evaluation: Achieved/Steady progress Not achieved
Waste-to-landfill ratio: 0.69%
Landfill Disposal Volume and Waste-to-Landfill Ratio
     Landfill disposal volume (Tons)
Waste-to-landfill ratio (%) 28,662 1.0
0.7
30,000
15,000
0.9
0.8
 0.7
11,765
0.6
9,304
Fiscal 2020 Results/Progress
 14,035 15,151
0.5
00 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 (FY)
* In fiscal 2020, we maintained zero emissions (waste-to-landfill ratio of less than 1%) despite a significant increase in landfill disposal volume due to factors such as the start of operation of the Muroran Biomass Power Plant and the inclusion of figures from JX Nippon Mining & Metals affiliate Taniobis.
 DATA
 Example of Activities
Pursuing industry-academia collaboration with the University of Tokyo to cultivate human resources in the recycling field
In recent years, the number of researchers and engineers in fields relat- ed to non-ferrous smelting, refining, and recycling has been steadily decreasing in Japan.
In response, JX Nippon Mining & Metals has collaborated with the Institute of Industrial Science of the University of Tokyo to launch the Endowed Research Unit for Nonferrous Metal Resource Recovery Engineering (JX Metals Endowed Unit) to combine the forces of indus- try, academia, and government to reenergize and raise the level of activity in the industry. The JX Metals Endowed Unit is using indus- try-academia collaboration to advance various initiatives to cultivate human resources to develop and apply smelting and refining technolo- gies in the non-ferrous base metals and rare metals fields.
Phase 2, started in 2017, continues the Phase 1 activities, started in 2012, which include symposiums, workshops, and other opportuni- ties for learning about nonferrous metals. Phase 2 also emphasizes public relations to highlight the importance and future potential of the nonferrous metals field to the general public. Central to this appeal are young people of high school age and below, as we seek to secure human resources to lead the next generation.
Example of Activities
Participation in an international alliance on worldwide plastic waste
ENEOS Holdings joined the international organization Alliance to End Plastic Waste (AEPW) in April 2021, becoming the first member from the energy industry in Japan.
A non-profit organization affiliated with government agencies, environmental and economic development NGOs, and communities around the world, AEPW focuses on projects addressing plastic waste issues in the four areas of infrastructure development, innovation, education & engagement, and clean-up. We are currently studying chemical recycling technology to reuse waste plastics as raw materials for petroleum refining and petrochemicals. By participating in AEPW, we are contributing to addressing the issue of plastic waste from a global perspective.
    53 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021

2
1
1.83 1.80
1.95
To Our Stakeholders
Contents / Editorial Policy and Disclosure Media Framework / ENEOS Group Philosophy
Part I
Value Creation Story
Part II Financial and ESG Management Corporate Data
Social Initiatives
Ensuring Safety
Reduction in occupational injuries
The ENEOS Group prioritizes and is committed to ensuring the safety of its workers. We conduct comprehensive safety activities and safety training for employees, including those of contractor companies. We also set annual targets for zero serious occupa- tional injuries (occupational fatalities) and a total recordable incident rate (TRIR) of 1.0 or less. In order to prevent serious occu- pational injuries, we designated preventing falls, separating people from heavy machinery, and preventing heatstroke as safety action items for principal operating companies (ENEOS, JX Nippon Oil & Gas Exploration, and JX Nippon Mining & Metals). We established
Occupational Injury Frequency Rate and Severity Rate1
Evaluation:
Achieved/Steady progress Not achieved
Two serious occupational injuries 1.50
     Initiative
 Frequency rate (ENEOS Group) Severity rate (ENEOS Group)
Fatalities (directly employed) Fatalities (contractors)
(Persons) 30
25 2018 19
16
Frequency rate (industry average
[Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare survey])
Severity rate (industry average
[Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare survey])
Lost work time (directly employed) Lost work time (contractors)
these action items in the guidelines in February 2020.
Despite our extensive efforts, we recorded two occupational fatalities of contract workers in fiscal 2020 due to falls from heights. We take these incidents with the utmost seriousness, and we will work on continuous improvement by improving the effectiveness of risk assessments and employee ability to investi- gate the causes of accidents as part of our ongoing efforts to improve the safety and health management system. As a compa-
ny that provides work environments for a large number of employees, including those of contractor companies, we seek to prevent occupational injuries through effective safety activities according to our business characteristics.
* See the ENEOS Report: ESG Data Book 2021 (available on our website in January 2022) for further details.
ESG Data Book—Ensuring Safety
ESG https://www.hd.eneos.co.jp/english/csr/
Occupational Injuries2
DATA
 1.63 1.66
0.40 0.29 0.10 0.09
1 Scope of data: The refineries, plants, and business sites of our principal operating companies (ENEOS, JX Nippon Oil & Gas Exploration, JX Nippon Mining & Metals)
23
26 20
12 3 2
  0.39 0.37
10
0
10
1
 0 0.01 0.01 0.00 2016 2017 2018
0.00 0.02
0
0
0.09
0.09
0.09
1
0 0 0
2017 2018 2019 2020 (FY)
      2019 2020
(FY)
2016
Target (KPI)
· Zero serious occupational injuries (occupational fatalities)
· Achieve TRIR of 1.0 or less (Number of occupational injuries of non-lost-time severity or greater per one million working hours)
2 Scope of data: Principal operating companies
Fiscal 2020 Results/Progress
 Group-wide Safety Action Items
• Preventing falls
• Separating people from heavy machinery • Preventing heatstroke
 Example of Activities
Hazard simulation training using virtual reality
The ENEOS Group Safety Education Center in Hitachi City, Ibaraki Prefecture was established to provide workers with safe and controlled opportunities to experience the hazards inherent in their work. Using VR (virtual reality) technology, trainees can simulate acci- dents that cannot be safely replicated in the real world, such as steam
explosions, being struck by heavy machinery, getting caught in rotat- ing equipment, and falling from heights. These experiences improve their ability to detect workplace hazards to avoid or deal with when they occur.
 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021 54

Social Initiatives
Respect for Human Rights
Initiative Target (KPI)
Human rights awareness 100% participation rate in human rights training
Evaluation:
Achieved/Steady progress Not achieved
Fiscal 2020 Results/Progress
100%
    We have stipulated respect for human rights as a basic principle in the ENEOS Group Code of Conduct, and we have supple- mented this principle with the Human Rights Policy. All Group companies provide training and e-learning programs on human rights to raise human rights awareness and prevent human rights issues from occurring.
The participation rate of the Company’s annual human rights training for all officers and employees was 100% in fiscal 2020.
Human Rights Due Diligence
In fiscal 2019, the ENEOS Group implemented human rights due diligence1 based on the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights (UNGP). Referencing Guidance on Human Rights Due Diligence of the Japan Federation of Bar Associations and the opinions of NGOs in addition to UNGP, we identified human rights issues for confirmation (see table at right).
The Group conducts human rights due diligence every two
years. The next due diligence will be carried out in fiscal 2021.
1 A mechanism for identifying and evaluating the scope of human rights violation risks in business activities as well as establishing measures for improvement and implementing training
Human Rights Due Diligence Issues for Confirmation
 Stakeholders
Human rights issues
   Employees
Suppliers
Harassment
Management of working hours
Discrimination
Health
Safety
Human rights violations by suppliers
Quality defects (including contamination)
Inadequate provision of product information
Improper management of chemical substances used in products
Information security (privacy management)
Environment (including environmental degradation, health impacts, and damage in local areas)
     Customers / Business partners
Local communities
    Human Rights Due Diligence Cycle 123456
* See the ENEOS Report: ESG Data Book 2021 (available on our website in January 2022) for further details.
ESG Data Book—Respect for Human Rights ESG https://www.hd.eneos.co.jp/english/csr/
DATA
       Identify stakeholders
1 Identify stakeholders:
2 Identify human rights risks:
3 Check for human rights violations:
4 Consider response measures:
5 Implement response measures:
6 Disclosure:
Identify employees, customers, local residents living near refineries and plants, local residents living near service stations, suppliers, and others as stakeholders.
Identify human rights risks for each stakeholder.
For each human rights risk, conduct self-checks in each department to determine if human rights violations have occurred through business operations.
After self-checks, request confirmation by outside experts (NGO Human Rights Now).
Consider measures for improvement based on the results of the self-checks and the opinions of the outside experts.
Introduce response measures based on consideration of measures in step 4. Report on response.
55 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021
Identify human rights risks
Check for human rights violations
Consider response measures
Implement
response Disclosure measures

To Our Stakeholders
Contents / Editorial Policy and Disclosure Media Framework / ENEOS Group Philosophy
Part I
Value Creation Story
Part II Financial and ESG Management Corporate Data
Human Resource Development
Development of human resources capable of enhancing corporate value
The ENEOS Group provides training to improve employee skill levels and raise employee awareness in accordance with the Basic Policy on Human Resources Development.
ENEOS offers basic training required at specific career stag- es, leadership training for candidates for future management positions, skill improvement training by recommendation for skill development and career advancement, and self-development programs for employees to pursue personal growth opportuni- ties. In addition to the standard programs, we also design train- ing programs tailored to individual employees, which enables more effective training and education. In fiscal 2020, we began working to develop human resources who can advance the company’ s transformation under the second Medium-Term Management Plan. In addition, we have changed some classifi- cation-leveled training programs to an elective format and expanded open seminars for self-development to support self-led career development. JX Nippon Oil & Gas Exploration and JX Nippon Mining & Metals also conduct their own human resource development based on their company policies and the Group’s human resource development policy.
Number of Hours of Training in Fiscal 20202 Total training hours Training hours per employee
51.981 4.5
2 Number of hours of internal group training and external training organized by the human resources departments of ENEOS Holdings and its principal operating companies, aggregated for each employer
Evaluation:
Achieved/Steady progress Not achieved
Completed
    Initiative
Target (KPI)
Implementation of effective training based on human resource development plan
Fiscal 2020 Results/Progress
 Systematic and strategic development of candidates for senior management positions is more important than ever for all Group companies. We will identify promising candidates at an early stage and provide training to enable them to contribute to their full potential in the future.
Workflow for the Selection and Development of Management Resources at ENEOS
 Identify management resources using
1 impartial and objective measures, taking into
Selection
account the ideal attributes for senior management positions.
 Establish effective development processes and
individual development plans for each person. 2 • On-the-job training (interdivisional transfers,
 Planning and Development
challenging assignments, etc.)
• Off-the-job training (in-house classification-
leveled selection for training, enrollment in business schools in Japan and overseas, etc.)
  3
Verification
The Human Resource Development Council, comprising senior management, examines the qualifications of human resources for manage- ment from multiple angles and implements the PDCA cycle for their development plans.
 * See the ENEOS Report: ESG Data Book 2021 (available on our website in January 2022) for further details.
ESG ESG Data Book—Human Resource Development DATA https://www.hd.eneos.co.jp/english/csr/
  Basic Policy on Human Resources Development
We will continuously and systematically develop human resources to secure talent capable of tackling challenges globally with the spirit of creativity and innovation.
We will carefully develop employees with a strong awareness of the Group’ s mission and our five core values, a strong sense of ethics and a willingness to take on challenges.
We will develop human resources who will help us enhance corpo- rate value over the medium to long term in order to strengthen our management foundation.
We maintain various functions and roles based on the business format and organization of the company. Each of these is indispensable to the
operations of the company, and we will promote appropriate develop- ment efforts to ensure that all employees can contribute to the organi- zation by maximizing their capabilities.
We will establish systems for actively supporting employees look- ing to grow themselves by promoting diverse development and growth tailored to each employee’s aptitude.
We believe that supporting the growth of our diverse workforce will help to invigorate company organizations, thereby strengthening our com- petitiveness. We respect the individuality of each and every employee and support the self-led growth of employees tailored to their aptitude.
 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021 56

Social Initiatives
Healthy Work Environment / Health
Promotion of diversity and inclusion
Promotion of work-life management
Health enhancement
In order to support the career development and growth of female employees, the ENEOS Group is working to reform working styles and change awareness, and has also developed and expanded systems for all employees. Our focus is to create a workplace environment conducive to work-life balance, not only by expand- ing work-life balance support systems, but also through efforts such as holding seminars for managers and employees.
In recognition of these initiatives, the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry and the Tokyo Stock Exchange selected ENEOS Holdings as an FY2020 Nadeshiko Brand company, a designation conferred on enterprises that are outstanding in terms of encouraging women’s success in the workplace.
We also support the advancement of people with disabilities by assigning individuals based on their personality and aptitude, as
Employment Status of Female Employees1 (As of March 31, 20202)
Percentage of total 18.8%
12.3% 3.9% 18.8%
16.9 years (Difference in average years of service between male and female employees: 1.9 years)
1 Scope of data: Data on number of female directors is from ENEOS Holdings; other data is from ENEOS Holdings and principal operating companies.
Data on number of female directors only is as of June 25, 2021.
Evaluation:
Achieved/Steady progress
Not achieved
32.8% 2.5% 87.4% 99.2% 63%
  Material ESG Issues
Initiative
Advancement of women in the workplace
Advancement of employees with disabilities
Promotion of workstyle reforms
Utilization of work-life balance support systems/programs
Ensure health of employees
Target (KPI)
Women comprise at least 25% of newly hired graduates
Maintain employment rate of people with disabilities at 2.2% or higher
Maintain annual paid leave days taken at 80% or higher
Maintain 100% rate of return to work after childcare leave
Achieve cancer screening rate of 70% or higher
Fiscal 2020 Results/Progress
            2
we consider disability to be one of many characteristics that make up a person’s individuality.
Encouraging employees to take annual paid leave is one of our measures for ensuring a healthy work environment. While raising awareness in each organization of the company about planning for and taking paid leave, we strive to foster a culture where it is easy to take paid leave by encouraging employees to take consecutive paid leave days and designate one day a year as a personal “memorial day” to take paid leave.
During the COVID-19 pandemic, our measures to prevent the spread of infection included expanding and revising the telework system. At present, roughly 30% of our head office staff is working at the office. Telework will remain a part of our efforts to increase the variety of work styles we accommodate.
Measures to support employee health management include
increasing the participation rate in regular health checkups and can-
cer screenings, preventing infectious diseases and implementing
mental health measures. The Company has been certified as a
Health and Productivity Management Outstanding Organization
under the large enterprise category for four consecutive years for
our active efforts to promote employee health.
* See the ENEOS Report: ESG Data Book 2021 (available on our website in January 2022) for further details.
ESG Data Book—Healthy Work Environment / Health ESG https://www.hd.eneos.co.jp/english/csr/
Category
Newly hired employees
Employees
Managers
Directors
Average years of service for female employees
Number of female employees
131
 1,389
 111
 3
 57 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021
DATA
 Example of Activities
Training and seminars to promote women’s advancement in the workplace (ENEOS)
■ Training for managers
As part of our efforts to provide positive work environments for a wide variety of employees, including female employees, we held diversity management training for our executives and managers. We also held a seminar on the inclusion of female employees and employees with small children for managers with subordinates who have young families.
■ Training for female employees
We set up career promotion meetings for female employees to encourage interactions with women in leadership positions and to assist in forming networks among female employees. As part of this effort, we held networking events for female employees at manufacturing sites in fiscal 2020. The events included lively group discussions about the unique rewards and challenges of working in manufacturing and participants’ visions for their future careers.
 
To Our Stakeholders
Contents / Editorial Policy and Disclosure Media Framework / ENEOS Group Philosophy
Part I Part II Financial and Value Creation Story ESG Management Corporate Data
Corporate Governance
Basic Approach and Framework
The Company has established the ENEOS Group Philosophy as the foundation for the Group’s business activities, and works to realize the Group Philosophy through the establishment and appropriate execution of corporate governance to achieve sustainable growth and enhance the corporate value of the ENEOS Group over the medium to long term. Corporate governance of the ENEOS Group is structured and executed as follows.
Basic Policy on Corporate Governance
To achieve sustainable growth and increase the corporate value of the Group over the medium to long term, the Company established the Basic Policy on Corporate Governance of ENEOS Group with the objective of establishing and operating
a corporate governance framework for the conduct of transparent, fair, timely, and decisive decision-making in the Group’s management. The policy describes systematically and comprehensively the Group’s basic approach to corporate governance as well as its establishment and operation, taking into consideration the Corporate Governance Code established by the Tokyo Stock Exchange. The policy, published on the Company’s website, is our commitment to all stakeholders, including shareholders of ENEOS Holdings, Group customers, business partners, employees, and local communities.
WEB Basic Policy on Corporate Governance of ENEOS Group https://www.hd.eneos.co.jp/english/csr/governance/pdf/system01.pdf
WEB Corporate Governance Report (Available in Japanese only) https://www.hd.eneos.co.jp/csr/governance/pdf/ system_governance_report.pdf
 Corporate Governance Framework (As of June 25, 2021)
General Meeting of Shareholders
  Election and removal
 ENEOS Holdings
Recommendation, consultation
   Board of Directors
     Business Execution Submission, delegation
Audit and Supervisory Committee
Independent Auditors
    Nomination Advisory Committee
Election and removal of directors
 Representative director, president
  Compensation Advisory Committee
Executive Council
  Executive Officers
Internal Audit Department
 (Key)
Audit Collaboration
 Management supervision + Internal control of corporate group
Corporate Governance Framework at a Glance (As of June 25, 2021)
  Principal Operating Companies
 ENEOS
 JX Nippon Oil & Gas Exploration
 JX Nippon Mining & Metals
 Other Group Companies
 Item
Details
 Item
Details
 Organization format
Number of directors who are not Audit and Supervisory Committee members
Number of directors who are Audit and Supervisory Committee members
Total number of directors
Percentage of outside (independent) directors
Percentage of female directors
Term of directors who are not Audit and Supervisory Committee members
Company with an audit and supervisory committee
11 (8 inside, 3 outside)
5 (2 inside, 3 outside)
16 (10 inside, 6 outside; 3 female directors)
37.5% 18.8% 1 year
Term of directors who are Audit and Supervisory Committee members
Adoption of executive officer system
Decision-making body for the appointment and dismissal of directors
Decision-making body for the upper limit of director remuneration
Institution assisting the president’s decision-making
Voluntary advisory committees for the Board of Directors
Term of Independent Auditors
2 years
 Yes
General Meeting of Shareholders
General Meeting of Shareholders
Executive Council
Nomination Advisory Committee and Compensation Advisory Committee (2 inside directors, 3 outside directors; chairperson: outside director)
1 year
           ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021 58

Corporate Governance
Composition of Nomination Advisory Committee and Compensation Advisory Committee1 and Fiscal 2020 Results
 Nomination Advisory Committee
To ensure the transparency of the process for determining the director candidates of the Company, the Nomination Advisory Committee, the majority of whose members are independent outside directors, has been established to provide advice to the Board of Directors about personnel matters involving the Company’s directors (including appointment and dismissal). The Nomination Advisory Committee is composed of three outside directors and two representative directors, and one of the outside directors on the committee acts as chairperson. The Company’s Board of Directors receives advice from the Nomination Advisory Committee regarding succession planning for the Company’s chairperson of the Board and president and for the presidents of the principal operating companies.
Outside director (Ota Hiroko)3
Representative directors: 2 (Sugimori Tsutomu, Ota Katsuyuki)3 Outside directors: 3 (Ota Hiroko, Miyata Yoshiiku, Kudo Yasumi)3
Ensure the transparency of the process for determining director candidates
The committee met four times and deliberated on matters including proposals on candidates for directors of the Company and the role and structure of the Board of Directors.
Compensation Advisory Committee
   Overview
Chairperson
Members2
(including chairperson)
Purpose
Results for fiscal 2020
To ensure the transparency and objectivity of the process for determining the remuneration and other benefits for directors and executive officers, the Compensation Advisory Committee, the majority of whose members are independent outside directors, has been established to provide advice to the Board of Directors. The Compensation Advisory Committee is composed of three outside directors and two representative directors, and one of the outside directors on the committee acts as chairperson. The Board of Directors requests the Compensation Advisory Committee to advise on policies for determining the remuneration and other benefits for directors and executive officers, as well as the executive remuneration plan and remuneration amount.
Outside director (Ota Hiroko)3
Representative directors: 2 (Sugimori Tsutomu, Ota Katsuyuki)3
Outside directors: 3 (Ota Hiroko, Miyata Yoshiiku, Kudo Yasumi)3
Ensure the transparency and objectivity of the process for determining the remuneration and other benefits for directors and executive officers
The committee met three times and deliberated on matters including the executive remuneration plan and executive remuneration levels.
     1 Composition of the Nomination Advisory Committee and the Compensation Advisory Committee as of June 25, 2021
2 To ensure constructive discussion between outside directors, who supervise management from an independent and objective perspective, and representative directors, who have the
greatest familiarity with the status of management, etc. in the Group, the Nomination Advisory Committee and the Compensation Advisory Committee are each comprised of three
outside directors and two representative directors.
3 For director profiles, see pages 69 to 72.
 Strengthening Corporate Governance
Ratio of outside directors (independent)
25.0%
4 of 16
33.3%
6 of 18
35.3%
6 of 17
37.5%
 Fiscal 2017
Fiscal 2018
Fiscal 2019
Fiscal 2020
Initiatives and achievements
• Launch of the JXTG Group (Now the ENEOS Group)
• Introduction of share-based remuneration plan
• Transition to a company with an audit and supervisory committee
• Revision of the Basic Policy on Corporate Governance (strategic shareholdings (including cross-shareholdings), appointments and dismissals, succession plan, etc.)
• Elimination of Senior Executive Advisor and Advisor system
• Changes in the Group’s management structure
· Implementation of a speedy management execution system
(restructuring executive composition, delegation of authority) · Strengthening of the Board of Directors supervising function
(expansion of reporting items)
• Adoption of performance-linked share-based
Ratio of female directors
6.3%
1 of 16
11.1%
2 of 18
17.6%
3 of 17
18.8%
                   remuneration plan
6 of 16
3 of 16
59 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021

To Our Stakeholders
Contents / Editorial Policy and Disclosure Media Framework / Part I Part II Financial and ENEOS Group Philosophy Value Creation Story ESG Management Corporate Data
Evaluation of the Effectiveness of the Board of Directors
 Since fiscal 2016, the Company’s Board of Directors has conducted annual evaluations of its effectiveness, which serve as a basis for improvement.
For fiscal 2020, the Board of Directors surveyed all directors, including outside directors, to evaluate the Board’s effectiveness in January 2021. The results and analysis of the survey were reported to the Board of Directors on March 26, 2021.
All of the survey questions received mostly positive responses, and the results indicated that the Board of Directors generally continues to be effective. Regarding the two issues identified in last year’s evaluation survey, the first issue, “further separation of business management and execution,” was evaluated as having improved through better organization
of the matters for Board discussion and by improving the environment to enable better focus during discussions of basic management policy. Regarding the second item, “strengthening the oversight function,” the Board expanded the reporting of profitability to encompass the progress of investments and the cost of capital for each business area.
Issues raised in the fiscal 2020 evaluation survey were “further strengthening the oversight function” and “raising the quality of discussions by the Board of Directors.” In response, the Board of Directors will consider improvements in monitoring the progress of the Long-Term Vision and Medium-Term Management Plan, discussion of carbon neutrality, providing more timely information about new businesses, and other matters.
All of the questions received positive responses
• Separation of business execution from management and supervision
• Organization of agenda items and enhancement of discussions on basic management policies
• Further strengthening the oversight function
• Raising the quality of discussions by the Board of Directors
Process for Evaluation of Effectiveness
Period January 2021 Recipients All 16 directors Topics
• Board of Directors composition and governance system
• Supervision by the Board of Directors • Discussions of management strategy • Management of the Board of Directors • Culture of the Board of Directors
• Dialogue with shareholders
Survey results
Strengths
Areas for improvement
   Survey of all directors (inside and outside)
Self-evaluation by the Board of Directors
Improvements based on evaluation results
     Policy for Appointing Director Candidates
The Board of Directors generally continues to be effective.
 The Board of Directors is composed of an appropriate number of members to enable free and constructive discussion and exchange of opinions, with members appointed in consideration of Board diversity and the knowledge, experience and abilities of each member. The Company strives to appoint independent outside directors4 to at least one-third of director positions. As of June 25, 2021, the percentage of outside independent officers was 37.5%.
As for directors who are not Audit and Supervisory Committee members, the Company appoints persons with high standards of business ethics, superior strategic thinking and judgment capabilities, and flexible attitudes toward change, as well as the ability to supervise decision-making and management from the viewpoint of what is best for the Group as a whole. Two or more of the directors are independent outside directors.
As for directors who are Audit and Supervisory Committee members, the Company appoints persons with high standards of business ethics, a certain level of specialist knowledge in legal affairs, finance and accounting, etc., as well as the ability to
appropriately audit the execution of duties by directors and the
ability to appropriately supervise the execution of business. The
majority of these directors are independent outside directors.
4 Outside directors who have satisfied the Company’s “Standards for Consideration of Independence of Independent Officers”
Support System for Outside Directors
Each of the three outside directors who are not Audit and Supervisory Committee members and the three outside directors who are Audit and Supervisory Committee members meet the independence standards based on the rules of the Tokyo and Nagoya stock exchanges, on which the Company is listed. The Company sends materials regarding the agenda of meetings of the Board of Directors to the outside directors, in principle, at least three days prior to meetings, and also provides explanations to the outside directors about important agenda items before the meetings. To enhance the auditing function by all Audit and Supervisory Committee members,
ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021 60

Corporate Governance
including outside directors, the Company has established the Office of the Audit and Supervisory Committee, which is clearly independent from the chain of command for divisions responsible for business execution (including personnel evaluations). Full-time staff members have been assigned to the
office to assist with the duties of the Audit and Supervisory Committee members. In addition, the Board Members’ Support Office, with full-time staff members, has also been established to assist outside directors who are not Audit and Supervisory Committee members with business execution.
Training for Directors and Corporate Auditors of Principal Operating Companies
The directors of the Company and principal operating companies and the corporate auditors of principal operating companies have the duty of working toward the realization of the Group Philosophy, the sustainable growth of the Group, and the achievement of increased corporate value over the medium to long term. To that end, to enhance necessary knowledge and skills, the Company and its principal operating companies provide opportunities for directors and corporate auditors to
Results for Fiscal 2020
Companies Act, compliance, corporate governance Internal control
Finance and investor relations
ENEOS Holdings and principal operating companies Worksite inspection tours
receive training related to the Companies Act, internal control systems, accounting and taxes, business strategies, and organizations. In addition, the Company pays for expenses arising from self-study initiatives. When outside directors are appointed, the Company provides explanations of basic matters regarding the Group’s businesses, and after their appointment, the Company offers business presentations and worksite inspection tours to deepen their understanding.
ENEOS Group management structure, compliance, corporate governance ENEOS Group internal control systems
Current status and issues regarding ENEOS Holdings’ financial affairs, opinions of institutional investors, etc.
Basic knowledge about ENEOS Holdings and its operating companies: ENEOS, JX Nippon Oil & Gas Exploration, and JX Nippon Mining & Metals
(ENEOS) Central Technical Research Laboratory, Kawasaki Refinery
    Topic
Intended for
Newly appointed directors
 Newly appointed directors
 Newly appointed directors
 Newly appointed directors (outside directors)
 Outside directors
 Determination of Director Remuneration
Directors Who Are Not Audit and Supervisory
Committee Members (Excluding Outside Directors)
The policy on remuneration for individual directors who are not Audit and Supervisory Committee members (excluding outside directors) is determined as follows.
1. Remuneration consists of the monthly remuneration, bonus, and
share-based remuneration.
2. Remuneration is determined by whether the person belongs to
the Company or a principal operating company, whether the person is full-time or part-time, whether the person is a director or executive officer, etc.
3. Bonuses are linked to performance within a fiscal year, and are paid after the given fiscal year.
4. Share-based remuneration is linked to the achievement of the Medium-Term Management Plan, etc., and is paid after a certain duration from the end of the fiscal year in which the duties have been executed and after the given medium-term management plan has been completed.
5. The consolidated business results, remuneration levels of executives in other companies, composition ratio, etc. are taken
into consideration when determining the remuneration level, composition ratio, performance indicators, etc.
Remuneration for directors who are not Audit and Supervisory Committee members (excluding outside directors) is designed to be around 50% of the total for monthly remuneration, around 30% of the total for bonuses, and around 20% of the total for share-based remuneration when the performance targets, etc. are achieved.
Outside Directors Who Are Not Audit and Supervisory
Committee Members
The policy on remuneration for individual outside directors who are not Audit and Supervisory Committee members is to provide monthly remuneration in consideration of their roles of providing guidance and advice to Company management and supervising management from an independent and objective perspective.
The policy on remuneration for individual directors who are not Audit and Supervisory Committee members of the Company is determined by resolution of the Board of Directors after deliberation and recommendation by the Compensation Advisory Committee, which consists of three (3) outside directors and two (2)
 61 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021
Content of training

To Our Stakeholders
Contents / Editorial Policy and Disclosure Media Framework / ENEOS Group Philosophy
Part I Part II Financial and Value Creation Story ESG Management Corporate Data
representative directors and is chaired by an outside director. The Board of Directors allows the Audit and Supervisory Committee to select one member to attend meetings of the Compensation Advisory Committee so that the Audit and Supervisory Committee may adequately exercise the right to state opinions related to the remuneration of directors who are not Audit and Supervisory Committee members at General Meetings of Shareholders.
Upper Limit of Remunerations for Directors
Directors who are not Audit and Supervisory Committee members
Directors who are Audit and Supervisory Committee members
Directors Who Are Audit and Supervisory Committee
Members (Including Outside Directors)
Remuneration for directors who are Audit and Supervisory Committee members consists of monthly remuneration in consideration of independence of their roles, and is paid within the limit shown in the chart below, based on discussion among directors who are Audit and Supervisory Committee members.
13 6 5
 Category
Type
Monthly remuneration and bonuses
Share-based remuneration
Monthly remuneration
Upper limit of remuneration
No more than 1,100 million yen per one (1) fiscal year (of which no more than 200 million yen is allocated to outside directors who are not Audit and Supervisory Committee members)
In every three (3) fiscal years,
• the upper limit the Company put in on reserve for trust: 1,500 million yen
• the upper limit of the number of shares given to eligible persons: 6 million shares (6 million points)
No more than 200 million yen per one (1) fiscal year
Resolution of the General Meeting of Shareholders (GMS)
The 8th ordinary GMS
The 10th ordinary GMS
The 8th ordinary GMS
Number of receivers (Persons)
        Notes:
1. The upper limit of monthly remuneration and bonus for directors who are not Audit and Supervisory Committee members does not include salaries and bonuses to be paid as an
employee if a director serves concurrently as an employee.
2. Those eligible for share remuneration include executive officers but do not include outside directors and overseas residents.
Remunerations for Directors (Fiscal 2020)
Directors who are not Audit and Supervisory Committee members
(Outside directors)
Directors who are Audit and Supervisory Committee members
(Outside directors)
10 (–)
– (–)
 Category
Total amount (Million yen)
Details of remuneration
Monthly remuneration (Million yen)
362 (43)
Number of receivers (Persons)
Bonuses (Million yen)
395 (–)
Details of remuneration
Share-based remuneration (Million yen)
Number of receivers (Persons)
  882 (43)
108 (40)
990 (83)
108 (40)
470 (83)
15 (3)
7 (4)
22 (7)
– (–)
395 (–)
126 (–)
– (–)
126 (–)
         Total 10 (Outside directors) (–)
Notes:
1. The information in the table includes the amount of remunerations for four (4) directors who are not Audit and Supervisory Committee members and two (2) directors who are Audit and
Supervisory Committee members (including one [1] outside director who is an Audit and Supervisory Committee member) who retired upon the conclusion of the 10th Ordinary General
Meeting of Shareholders held on June 25, 2020.
2. The information in the table includes the amount of bonuses for fiscal 2020 that is expected to be paid after the 11th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders.
3. Bonuses and share-based remuneration are applicable to performance-linked remunerations. In addition, share-based remuneration is applicable to non-monetary remunerations.
4. The share-based remuneration amounts indicated in the table are the average price per share of the Company purchased through the trust that the Company established, multiplied by
the number of standard points awarded to the director in the fiscal year and the performance-linked coefficient. The performance-linked coefficient used to calculate the share remuneration for fiscal 2020 is assumed to be 100% because it is determined after fiscal 2022 is finished.
 Matters Concerning Bonuses
Bonuses are linked to performance within a single fiscal year and can fluctuate between 0% and 200% (target: 100%) depending on the level of achievement of performance targets. Bonuses are determined by multiplying the monthly remuneration by the base number of months (8 months) and the percentage of target achieved.
The indicators that affect shareholder returns and the indicators that reflect actual performance should be used when calculating the percentage of target achieved. Therefore, “profit attributable to owners of parent” and “consolidated operating profit after adjustment” of the Company’s consolidated results, as well as “operating profit” and “operating profit after adjustment” of the Energy business results are used as performance indicators with a weight of 25% each.
The fiscal 2020 performance target for the bonus calculation process was set based on the fiscal 2020 results forecast
(disclosed in May 2020), and the resulting percentage of target achieved was 185%. The results of each performance indicator to calculate the percentage of target achieved are as follows.
Performance Indicator Weighting
Profit attributable to owners of parent
Consolidated operating profit after adjustment Operating profit of the Energy business
Operating profit of the Energy business after adjustment
114.0 billion yen
306.6 billion yen 121.1 billion yen 139.7 billion yen
 Performance indicators
25%
25%
25%
 25%
Results in FY2020
 Notes:
1. “Consolidated operating profit after adjustment” and “operating profit after adjustment” are
calculated by subtracting temporary gain/loss, such as gain/loss on sale of fixed assets
and shares and loss by disasters, from the operating profit made by the main business.
2. Until June 2020, “profit attributable to owners of parent” and “consolidated operating profit after adjustment” of the Company’s consolidated results were used as performance
indicators with a weight of 50% each, and the percentage of target achieved was 192%.
Matters Concerning Share-based Remuneration
Share-based remuneration is linked to performance over three successive fiscal years and can fluctuate between 0% and 200%
ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021 62
Weight

Corporate Governance
(target: 100%) depending on the level of achievement of the performance targets. The share delivery points (one share per point) are determined by multiplying the standard points, awarded according to the eligible person’s role, by the performance-linked coefficient. Eligible persons, in principle, shall receive the Company’s shares through the trust established by the Company, according to the share delivery points, after the elapse of three years from the award of standard points for each year.
When calculating the performance-linked coefficient, the Company uses the following performance indicators and evaluation weightings for the following reasons: to further
Performance Indicators and Evaluation Weightings
strengthen the link between medium- and long-term management strategies and the remuneration system for eligible persons, to cultivate the eligible persons’ incentive to contribute to the enhancement of corporate value and their awareness of shareholder-oriented management, and to promote initiatives, such as preserving the environment, for building a sustainable society.
Each of performance targets is set based on the second Medium-Term Management Plan and the second Medium-Term Environmental Management Plan. The results and the percentage of target achieved will be determined at the end of fiscal 2022.
  Operating profit excluding inventory valuation Free cash flow Net D/E ratio ROE Total return ratio Reduction of CO2 emissions
20% 20% 20% 20% 10% 10%
Notes:
1. Operating profit excluding inventory valuation, free cash flow, and reduction of CO2 emissions reflect the consolidated results and the results of the Energy business, with a weight of 50% each. 2. The percentages achieved for operating profit excluding inventory valuation, free cash flow, and total return ratio are calculated using the accumulated results from fiscal 2020 to fiscal 2022. 3. The percentages achieved for net D/E ratio and ROE are calculated using the results for fiscal 2022.
4. The percentage achieved for reduction of CO2 emissions is calculated using the results for fiscal 2022 (compared to fiscal 2009).
Flowchart of Share Remuneration with Regard to the Period of the Second Medium-Term Management Plan
  Standard points fluctuate based on the level of achievement of performance targets, etc.
  Finalization of share delivery points
 Finalization of share delivery points
 Finalization of share delivery points
From April 2023
 Finalization of performance
  Standard points
Delivery of shares
 Elapse of three years
July 2020 July 2021 July 2022
Second Medium-Term Management Plan (three years)
Governance of Listed Subsidiaries
The Company maintains ENEOS, JX Nippon Oil & Gas Exploration, and JX Nippon Mining & Metals, its principal operating companies, as wholly owned subsidiaries, and maintains other Group companies as wholly owned subsidiaries, listed subsidiaries, or other types of entities based on the need to maintain or expand its businesses. The policy of the Board of Directors is to regularly examine the appropriateness of maintaining a company as a listed subsidiary from the perspective of improving the Group’s overall corporate value and capital efficiency, to consider the reasonableness of maintaining the listed company status, and to deliberate on the effectiveness of the listed subsidiary’s governance system.
Elapse of three years
Elapse of three years
July July 2024
July 2025
  Standard points
Delivery of shares
    Award standard points based on the role in July every year
Standard points
Delivery of shares
    63 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021
The following policies concerning the authority to appoint and dismiss independent outside directors of listed subsidiaries have been adopted to ensure an effective governance system that gives due consideration to the interests of general shareholders of listed subsidiaries.
(1) Exercise of Appointment Authority
A. More than one-third of directors shall be independent outside directors. If difficult to immediately put into effect, a mechanism will be introduced for a committee made up primarily of independent outside directors to discuss and consider important business transactions involving conflict of interest.

 To Our Stakeholders
Contents / Editorial Policy and Disclosure Media Framework / ENEOS Group Philosophy
Part I Part II Financial and Value Creation Story ESG Management Corporate Data
B. Prerequisites for Independent Outside Directors
i. Strong professional ethics, excellent strategic thinking and judgment, flexibility to change, and the ability to make decisions and supervise the management of a listed subsidiary
ii. Not employed by a company in the ENEOS Group within
the past 10 years
iii. Ability to contribute to raising the corporate value of the
listed subsidiary, taking into account the protection of the common interests of shareholders, including general shareholders, from an independent perspective
(2) Exercise of Dismissal Authority
Voting rights shall be exercised to dismiss an independent
Policy on Strategic Shareholdings
In accordance with the Basic Policy on Corporate Governance of ENEOS Group, in principle, the Company shall not hold shares in listed companies. As an exception, the Company may hold shares in listed companies as strategic shareholdings, as described below. 1) Shares in companies which engage in any important businesses
of ENEOS Group
2) Shares in companies which ENEOS Group judges necessary
to maintain or enlarge business of ENEOS Group
The Company had divested 65% of its strategic shareholdings at the time the above policy was adopted in November 2015. In fiscal 2020, the Company sold shares (valued at 4,543 million yen) of eight companies and did not acquire any new
strategic shareholdings.
outside director if any of the following conditions occur and in accordance with the decision of the Board of Directors of the relevant listed subsidiary.
i. A serious violation of laws or regulations that materially
damages the reputation of the ENEOS Group or a listed
subsidiary group
ii. Malicious intent or gross negligence in the execution of
duties that causes significant damage to the ENEOS Group
or a listed subsidiary group
iii. Actions that cause significant damage to the interests of
general shareholders
and risks from each holding cover the company’s cost of capital at the Board meeting of the Company.
Board of Directors Verification of the Appropriateness
of Individual Strategic Shareholdings
The Company assessed whether or not to hold each individual strategic shareholding, specifically examining whether the purpose is appropriate and whether the benefits (transactional profits, dividends, benefits difficult to quantify) and risks from each holding cover the company’s cost of capital at the Board meeting of the Company in December 2020.
Strategic Shareholdings
 (Number of companies) Method of Verifying the Rationality of Possession 150
With respect to exceptionally holding strategic shareholdings, 100
the Company shall periodically assess whether or not to hold 50
each individual strategic shareholding, specifically examining 0
112
39
   whether the purpose is appropriate and whether the benefits 2015 2021 (FY) Risk Management
 The Company has established the Basic Policy on Internal Control System for the development and implementation of a system for ensuring the appropriateness of our business operations.
Enterprise Risk Management (ERM)
The ENEOS Group has developed and operates a risk management system based on the COSO* ERM framework to identify and analyze Group management risks and ensure appropriate responses.
Risks (tangible and intangible) are identified, taking into
account risks identified up to the previous fiscal year, as well as increased risks and potential new risks arising from changes inside and outside the Company, and are assessed for materiality based on degree of impact, probability and urgency. Risks that are indicated by assessment results as requiring a response from the Group are designated as “material risks” by resolution of the Executive Council, which is chaired by the president of the Company. Relevant departments are assigned for response to material risks, and monitoring is carried out by reporting the status of response to the Executive Council.
Compared to 2015 65% divestment
ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021 64

Corporate Governance
Impact
III II I
Low 1
Scope of material risk
for the integrated storage and management of risk-related information in order to achieve more sophisticated risk management in the Group’s management and operations.
WEB The ENEOS Group Basic Policy on Internal Control System https://www.hd.eneos.co.jp/english/csr/governance/ pdf/system01_03.pdf
Internal Control System
Enterprise risk management (ERM) system Management strategy
Internal control system
  Impact
III
II I
Probability and Urgency
3 (High)
2 (Medium) 1 (Low)
2 3
High Probability
   Impact
Qualitative criteria
 Potential for significant impact on the entire Group,
immediate implementation of countermeasures required
Potential for some degree of impact on the entire Group,
consideration of specific countermeasures required
Potential for minimal impact on the Group as a whole, response can be implemented by individual Group companies
Companies Act/ Internal control
Financial Instruments and Exchange Act/ Internal control
    Internal control in each organization
   Probability (standard)
Has already occurred or is very likely to occur
Not very likely to occur, but could occur in the medium term
Very unlikely to occur in the short or medium term
Response required within 1 year
Consideration of
response required for the medium term (up to 3 years)
Consideration of response required for the long term (over 3 years)
Comprehensive Internal Control Structure
The Company has established the ENEOS Group Internal Control and Compliance Committee, chaired by the officer responsible for the Internal Control Department and vice-chaired by the officer responsible for the Legal & Corporate Affairs Department. The committee works to continuously improve the internal control system for the ENEOS Group.
The committee confirms and evaluates the status and operation of the internal control system twice a year, in principle, and reports its findings to the Executive Council.
Every April, the committee reports to the Board of Directors on the status and operation of the internal control system and on specific points of policies for initiatives for the fiscal year. The Board of Directors appropriately monitors and supervises the internal control system for the ENEOS Group and fulfills its duty of accountability by providing an overview of the operation status in the Business Report section of the Convocation Notice of the General Meeting of Shareholders.
Comprehensive Internal Control and Compliance Structure
   The Group’s principal operating companies—ENEOS, JX Nippon Oil & Gas Exploration and JX Nippon Mining & Metals— maintain and operate their own risk management systems that are tailored to their specific business content and characteristics. The companies’ departments in charge of risk management cooperate and share risk information with each other. If a company identifies, through its risk management process, a risk that could significantly impact the management of the Group, ENEOS Holdings and the company work together to respond to the risk.
* Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) is an internal control framework released by the commission and adopted by countries around the world.
Internal Control
The Internal Control Department has developed and operates the internal control system for the ENEOS Group. The system links the internal controls stipulated in the Companies Act and the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act, and the internal controls of each Group organization.
Autonomous internal control systems based on the COSO framework are being developed for each organization. The rollout of these systems began in fiscal 2018 at the Company and ENEOS, and in fiscal 2020 at other Group companies, including overseas business sites.
In fiscal 2021, we will develop a risk information database
Reporting Reporting, recommendation
Monitoring, supervision Supervision, consultation
 65 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021
Urgency (standard)
Board of Directors
(Formulation of basic internal control policy)
 Executive Council
 ENEOS Group Internal Control and Compliance Committee
Evaluation of the status and operation of ENEOS Group internal controls and compliance activities, and reporting to the Executive Council on policies and other matters.

To Our Stakeholders
Contents / Editorial Policy and Disclosure Media Framework / ENEOS Group Philosophy
Part I Part II Financial and Value Creation Story ESG Management Corporate Data
Risk Assessment of Business Activities
The Group has internal rules and regulations for addressing the risks in its business activities. For the screening of new investments, in addition to country risks and foreign exchange rate risks, we analyze and evaluate ESG-related risks, including environmental risks such as those related to the scope of response to biodiversity and environmental regulations, risks in the procurement of raw materials, including water, and human resources risks, including those related to human rights and occupational health and safety. Based on this, appropriate actions are taken when necessary.
For example, when reviewing potential investments, we perform screenings based on the stage-gate system. The process from initial examination to execution of an investment project is divided into multiple stages of examination, and deliberations are conducted at each stage. During the deliberations, we clarify various risks, including ESG-related risks, using sensitivity analysis and case analysis, among other means, and take steps to minimize these risks as much as possible. For important investments, follow-up is carried out after a certain period of time has passed to clarify impacts on the initial outlook caused by environmental changes or other factors and to determine whether to continue with the project.
Crisis Management
In the event of a crisis situation that could significantly affect the management of the Group, the Company responds quickly and appropriately in accordance with the ENEOS Group Rules for Responding to Crises and Emergencies and has systems in place to minimize any damage that may occur.
The Group’s basic stance on crisis situations is to place the highest priority on protecting human life, issue information promptly and implement centralized information management, quickly determine, execute, and follow up the most effective response measures, implement transparent and smooth communications, and prevent recurrence.
The Crisis Management Department functions as the standing organizational unit in charge of crisis response and management in the event of a crisis situation. The department maintains a system enabling immediate reporting on conditions and the status of response measures from the site of an incident.
Depending on the magnitude of the crisis, we may set up a response headquarters, led by the president, and organize response teams at the head office and at the site of the incident to ensure agile and effective response.
Infectious Disease Prevention Measures
The Group’s basic policy is to (1) place the highest priority on respect for human life and make every effort to protect against and prevent the spread of infectious diseases to the Group’s officers, employees and their families, and (2) engage all Group companies in maintaining a continuous supply of our products that support the functioning of society. In the event that management is significantly affected by an infectious disease epidemic, a system is in place to set up a response headquarters, led by the president, to ensure the prompt determination and execution of countermeasures.
ENEOS has business continuity plans at its head office, branch offices, refineries, and other sites to ensure that we can fulfill our responsibility of providing a stable supply of petroleum products, even during an epidemic. In addition, to protect employees from infection and prevent the spread of disease, we systematically stockpile surgical masks, goggles, alcohol-based disinfectants, and other items at our business sites in Japan and overseas, and we also maintain a system and an IT environment that enable employees to work from home.
Our efforts to prevent the spread of COVID-19, implemented since the beginning of 2020, include the following in addition to the above.
Examples of COVID-19 countermeasures
1. Encouraging employees to work from home (excluding
employees at production and distribution sites)
2. Refraining from non-essential domestic business trips
3. Prohibiting overseas business trips
4. Enabling remote participation in training and meetings
5. Refraining from holding or attending social gatherings and
events
In addition, at ENEOS refineries and plants, we worked to
ensure the continuation of a stable supply of petroleum products by establishing guidelines to prevent infections at our sites, and thoroughly implementing countermeasures, including the following, to prevent the virus from entering our sites and to prevent mass infections.
Examples of COVID-19 countermeasures
1. Ensuring the use of masks and proper ventilation
2. Checking the temperature of employees and visitors when
they enter the sites
3. Limiting the number of people using cafeterias, changing
rooms, and bathing facilities
4. Recommending the use of private cars and avoiding public
transport when commuting to work
5. Refraining from visiting areas with high infection rates
ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021 66

 Corporate Governance
Compliance
The ENEOS Group is committed to thorough compliance and has designated high ethical standards as a core element of the Group Philosophy and the Group Code of Conduct. No significant legal violations occurred within the Group in fiscal 2020.
Internal Control and Compliance Structure
The Internal Control and Compliance Committee has been established under the Executive Council to ensure the implementation of effective and efficient internal control and compliance. The committee, comprising relevant officers and department managers, regularly confirms the performance of and issues related to the Group’s internal control and compliance activities and deliberates policies for future activities (see Comprehensive Internal Control Structure on page 65).
Establishment and Operation of
Internal Reporting Systems
To enable prompt detection and corrective action in the event of legal violations, ENEOS Holdings and some of its subsidiaries maintain internal reporting systems (compliance hotlines) for their employees and those of contractor companies. Persons making reports have the option of identifying themselves or remaining anonymous, and the systems also facilitate contact with reporting contacts outside the companies. We have also introduced internal reporting systems, including some with multilingual capabilities, at overseas subsidiaries where we have ownership of more than 50%.
Based on internal regulations, when a report is received, the content is reported to the relevant officers, including the chairman and president, and an investigation is launched. The investigation results, any necessary corrective measures and recurrence prevention measures are reported to the officers, and a response is carried out under their guidance. Individuals who identify themselves when making reports are also informed of the investigation results.
To ensure that employees do not hesitate to use the system, they are informed through the intranet, posters, and training that the identity of those making reports is strictly confidential and that reports can be made even if the employee is not sure if the matter constitutes a legal violation.
In fiscal 2020, the Group recorded 123 reports via its internal reporting systems.
Internal Control and Compliance Inspections
We conduct internal control and legal compliance inspections annually as a voluntary initiative to ascertain the status of internal control and legal compliance.
Specifically, we inspect each business operation to ascertain compliance with Group-wide rules (internal control standards). In addition, as the management environment is rapidly changing, we use a risk control matrix to ascertain whether risks have been appropriately identified and assessed, and whether effective controls for these risks have been developed and implemented. We also utilize interviews of all staff by managers to identify compliance issues, including questions and concerns, in order to prevent legal violations and to identify and correct any issues at an early stage.
The Group identified approximately 400 compliance issues, questions, and concerns in fiscal 2020. None of the issues significantly impacted management. The Company resolved 70% of the issues within the fiscal year and is taking steps to promptly address the remaining 30% of unresolved issues.
Compliance Training
Strong awareness among all officers and employees is an important element in achieving thorough compliance. To this end, we issue ENEOS Group Philosophy cards and ENEOS Group Code of Conduct handbooks to all personnel and regularly provide compliance training for all officers and employees.
In fiscal 2020, we conducted training on competition laws, bribery, security trade control, and the protection of personal information, focusing on important laws and regulations. We will continue to provide training on relevant topics as part of our ongoing efforts to ensure thorough compliance.
Competition Law Compliance and
Anti-Corruption Initiatives
As part of its efforts to achieve thorough compliance, the Group established and disclosed the Competition Law Compliance Policy and the Anti-Corruption Policy for the conduct of fair business practices.
Competition Law Compliance Policy
WEB https://www.hd.eneos.co.jp/english/company/policy/
competition_law/index.html
WEB Anti-Corruption Policy https://www.hd.eneos.co.jp/english/company/policy/ anti_corruption.html
 * See the ENEOS Report: ESG Data Book 2021 (available on the company website in January 2022) for further details about compliance.
ESG Data Book—Compliance https://www.hd.eneos.co.jp/english/csr/
ESG DATA
67 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021

To Our Stakeholders
Contents / Editorial Policy and Disclosure Media Framework / Part I Part II Financial and ENEOS Group Philosophy Value Creation Story ESG Management Corporate Data
Message from an Outside Director
Deepening Board of Directors discussions toward achieving the Long-Term Vision and
the second Medium-Term Management Plan
Nishioka Seiichiro
Outside Director ENEOS Holdings, Inc.
  Evaluation of the strengthened effectiveness of governance
Positive effects continue to emerge from the separation of busi- ness management and execution under the new Group manage- ment structure, adopted in June 2020. Strengthened monitoring by the Board of Directors and, in particular, the provision of infor- mation to outside directors, are essential elements in increasing the effectiveness of corporate governance. The Company holds advance briefings for board members and immediately provides information in the event of serious incidents. Consideration is also given to enabling deep discussion with outside directors, based on discussion by the Executive Council, regarding the progress, items for resolution, and other matters concerning the second Medium-Term Management Plan. The Company has also speeded up decision-making for business execution by delegating authority over individual investment projects to the relevant principal operating companies.
To enhance the link between execution of the second Medi- um-Term Management Plan and the Long-Term Vision, the Company needs to improve the content of the information pro- vided by the departments responsible for business execution in order to improve the quality of discussions by the Board of Direc- tors. I will be looking for the Board of Directors to engage in intensive discussions about important management issues and specifically about the Company’s direction for the medium and long term. I will also be looking for top executives to share issues raised by stakeholders at the Board of Directors meetings.
Expectations for the second Medium-Term Management Plan
In addition to carrying out structural reforms for the long-term decline in oil demand, the Company must ensure the steady operation of its base businesses and develop and strengthen its growth businesses to respond to the dramatic changes in the external environment, such as the SDGs and decarbonization. In
the second Medium-Term Management Plan, the Company has increased investment in growth businesses, and I expect strong leadership by the top executives, backed by Board of Directors decisions, to firmly and steadily implement growth strategies that will guide the Company toward its Long-Term Vision.
The role of outside directors in achieving targets
For the Company to achieve its targets, the Board of Directors must closely monitor progress toward those targets. The Com- pany needs to accelerate its structural reforms by developing and strengthening growth businesses, and doing so will require the departments responsible for business execution to make accurate and prompt investment decisions. There will surely be some trial and error in this process. Management must be flexi- ble in the execution of the Medium-Term Management Plan and be ready to withdraw investments if necessary, as well as to update the Long-Term Vision to reflect further changes in society. As an outside director, I will provide my frank opinions and engage in open discussions with the corporate directors.
As a legal practitioner, I pay particular attention to governance and compliance, which are the basis of corporate management.
In terms of governance, I believe the Company needs to address the effectiveness of the Board of Directors’ checks and balances for maintaining discipline. In terms of compliance, in addition to complying with laws and regulations, the Company must also maintain high ethical standards. Doing so also gives employees a sense of pride in their work. Management needs to be able to flexibly respond to the uncertainties that accom- pany changes in the external environment, and I believe that compliance as a form of practical theory in risk management is especially important.
I will continue to carry out my responsibility as an outside director to provide frank opinions from a standpoint of gover- nance and compliance.
ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021 68
  
Executives / Directors (Excluding Independent Directors)
(As of June 25, 2021)
  Sugimori Tsutomu
Representative Director,
Chairman of the Board, Group CEO Representative Director of ENEOS Corporation
Ota Katsuyuki
Representative Director, President
Representative Director, President ENEOS Corporation
  Apr. 1979 Apr. 2008
Jul. 2010
Jun. 2014
Jun. 2018 Jun. 2020
Joined Nippon Oil Co., Ltd.
Executive Officer of Nippon Oil Corporation (General Manager of Chubu Branch Office) Director, Senior Vice President of
JX Nippon Oil & Energy Corporation (Division Manager of Retail Marketing & Sales Division)
Director (Part-time) of the Company Representative Director, President of
JX Nippon Oil & Energy Corporation Representative Director, President of
the Company
Representative Director of the Company, Chairman of the Board, Group CEO (current)
Representative Director of ENEOS Corporation (current)
Iwase Junichi
Director, Executive Vice President Assistant to President (Safety, Health & Environment Dept., Quality Assurance Dept.)
Apr. 1982 Jun. 2014
Jun. 2015 Jun. 2017
Jun. 2018
Jun. 2020
Joined Nippon Oil Co., Ltd.
Executive Officer of the Company (General Manager of Controller Dept.)
Director, Executive Officer of
the Company (responsible for Controller Dept.)
Director, Senior Vice President of the Company (responsible for Internal Audit Dept., Controller Dept., Finance & Investor Relations Dept.)
Director (Part-time) of the Company Representative Director, President of JXTG Nippon Oil & Energy Corporation (currently ENEOS Corporation) (current) Representative Director, President of the Company (current)
   Yokoi Yoshikazu
Yatabe Yasushi
Director, Executive Vice President Assistant to President (Secretariat, Corporate
Planning Dept., Controller Dept., Finance Dept., Investor Relations Dept., Human Resources Dept., General Administration Dept., Legal & Corporate Affairs Dept.), responsible for Secretariat
Director, Executive Vice President Assistant to President
 Apr. 1984 Mar. 2013
Nov. 2014 Mar. 2015
Mar. 2016 Apr. 2017
Apr. 2019
Jun. 2020 Apr. 2021
Joined Mobil Sekiyu K.K. Executive Officer of TonenGeneral
Sekiyu K.K. (in charge of Public & Government Relations)
Executive Officer of EMG Marketing Godo Kaisha (Deputy Division Manager of Fuels Marketing Division)
Director of TonenGeneral Sekiyu K.K. (in charge of Marketing & Sales, Lubricants & Specialties, Marketing & Supply Coordination)
Vice President of EMG Marketing Godo Kaisha (in charge of Marketing & Sales, Lubricants & Specialties, Marketing & Supply Coordination, General Manager of Fuels Marketing Division) Managing Director of TonenGeneral Sekiyu K.K. (in charge of Marketing & Sales, Lubricants & Specialties, Marketing & Supply Coordination) Director, Senior Vice President of JXTG Nippon Oil & Energy Corporation
(Deputy Division Manager of Marketing & Sales Division)
Director, Executive Vice President of JXTG Nippon Oil & Energy Corporation (currently ENEOS Corporation) (Assistant to President) Director, Executive Vice President of the Company (Assistant to President) (current) Director, Executive Vice President of ENEOS Corporation (Assistant to President [Supply Planning & Optimization Dept., Products Supply & Trading Dept., Crude Trading & Shipping Dept., Distribution & Logistics Dept., Marketing & Sales Planning Dept., Retail Support Dept., Nationwide Sales Dept., Industrial Energy Sales Dept., Business Design & Development Dept., Basic Chemicals Planning Dept., Basic Chemicals Sales Dept., Branch Offices], responsible for Business Design & Development Dept.) (current)
Apr. 1982 Jun. 2014
Apr. 2017 Apr. 2019 Jun. 2020
Apr. 2021
Joined Koa Oil Co., Ltd.
Executive Officer of JX Nippon Oil & Energy
Corporation (General Manager of Technical & Engineering Dept.)
Director, Senior Vice President of JXTG Nippon Oil & Energy Corporation (Division Manager of Refining & Manufacturing Division)
Director, Executive Vice President of JXTG Nippon Oil & Energy Corporation (currently ENEOS Corporation) (Assistant to President) Director, Executive Vice President of the Company (Assistant to President, responsible for Safety, Health & Environment Dept. and Quality Assurance Dept.) (current)
Director, Executive Vice President of ENEOS Corporation (Assistant to President [Safety, Health & Environment Dept., Quality Assurance Dept., Refining & Manufacturing Dept., Mechanical Engineering Dept., Engineering & Capital Planning Dept., Hydrogen Business Promotion Dept., Fuel Cell Customer Support Office, Lubricants Company, Central Technical Research Laboratory, Refineries & Plants]) (current)
Apr. 1984 Jun. 2015
Apr. 2019 Apr. 2020
Jun. 2020 Apr. 2021
Joined Nippon Oil Co., Ltd.
Executive Officer of JX Nippon Oil &
Energy Corporation (General Manager
of Coal Business Dept., Resources &
Power Company)
Director, Senior Vice President of JXTG Nippon Oil & Energy Corporation (President of Resources & Power Company)
Director, Executive Vice President of JXTG Nippon Oil & Energy Corporation (currently ENEOS Corporation) (Assistant to President) Director, Executive Vice President of the Company (Assistant to President)
Director, Executive Vice President of the Company (Assistant to President [Secretariat, Corporate Planning Dept., Controller Dept., Finance Dept., Investor Relations Dept., Human Resources Dept., General Administration Dept., Legal & Corporate Affairs Dept.], responsible for Secretariat) (current)
Director, Executive Vice President of ENEOS Corporation (Assistant to President [Secretariat, Corporate Planning Dept., Controller Dept., Finance Dept., Investor Relations Dept., Human Resources Dept., General Administration Dept., Legal & Corporate Affairs Dept., Overseas Business Planning & Development Dept., Resources & Power Company], responsible for Secretariat) (current)
  69 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021

To Our Stakeholders
Contents / Editorial Policy and Disclosure Media Framework / ENEOS Group Philosophy
Part I
Value Creation Story
Part II Financial and ESG Management Corporate Data
   Saito Takeshi
Director, Executive Vice President, CDO
Assistant to President (Internal Audit Dept., Internal Control Dept., Public Relations Dept., IT Planning & Development Dept., Crisis Management Dept., Procurement Dept., Emerging Business Development Dept.), responsible for IT Planning & Development Dept., Emerging Business Development Dept.
Hosoi Hiroshi
Director (Part-time)
Murayama Seiichi
Director (Part-time)
President & Representative Director, Chief Executive Officer of JX Nippon Mining & Metals Corporation
Representative Director,
President of JX Nippon Oil & Gas Exploration Corporation
   Apr. 1986 Jun. 2014
Apr. 2017 Apr. 2019
Apr. 2021
Jun. 2021
Joined Nippon Oil Co., Ltd.
General Manger of Industrial Fuels Marketing Dept., JX Nippon Oil & Energy Corporation Executive Officer of JXTG Nippon Oil & Energy Corporation (General Manager of Marketing & Sales Planning Dept., Marketing & Sales Division) Director, Senior Vice President of JXTG Nippon Oil & Energy Corporation (responsible for Marketing & Sales Planning Dept., Retail Support Dept., Nationwide Sales Dept., Industrial Energy Sales Dept., Branch Offices)
Executive Vice President, CDO of the Company (Assistant to President)
Executive Vice President, CDO of ENEOS Corporation (Assistant to President)
Director, Executive Vice President, CDO of the Company (Assistant to President [Internal Audit Dept., Internal Control Dept., Public Relations Dept., IT Planning & Development Dept., Crisis Management Dept., Procurement Dept., Emerging Business Development Dept.], responsible for IT Planning & Development Dept. and Emerging Business Development Dept.) (current)
Director, Executive Vice President, CDO of ENEOS Corporation (Assistant to President [Internal Audit Dept., Internal Control Dept., Public Relations Dept., IT Planning & Development Dept., Crisis Management Dept., Procurement Dept., Emerging Business Development Dept., High Performance Materials Company], responsible for IT Planning & Development Dept. and Emerging Business Development Dept.) (current)
Apr. 1979 Jul. 2010
Jun. 2012 Jun. 2014
Apr. 2017 Jun. 2018
Joined Nippon Oil Co., Ltd.
Executive Officer of JX Nippon Oil & Energy
Corporation (Deputy Division Manager of Supply Division)
Senior Vice President of JX Nippon Oil & Energy Corporation (Division Manager of Supply Division) Director, Senior Vice President of JX Nippon Oil & Energy Corporation (responsible for Crude Oil Shipping Dept., Products Supply & Trading Dept., Distribution & Logistics Dept.)
Director, Executive Vice President of JX Nippon Oil & Gas Exploration Corporation
Director (Part-time) of the Company (current) Representative Director, President of
JX Nippon Oil & Gas Exploration Corporation (current)
Apr. 1980 Apr. 2010
Jul. 2010 Apr. 2013
Jun. 2013
Jun. 2019
Joined Nippon Mining Co., Ltd.
Executive Officer of Nippon Mining & Metals Co.,
Ltd. (General Manager of Planning & Coordination Dept.)
Executive Officer of JX Nippon Mining & Metals Corporation (General Manager of Planning & Coordination Dept.)
Senior Executive Officer of JX Nippon Mining & Metals Corporation (responsible for Planning & Coordination Dept., Accounting & Finance Dept., IT Dept., Logistics Dept., Internal Auditing Office) Director, Senior Executive Officer of JX Nippon Mining & Metals Corporation (responsible for Planning & Coordination Dept., Accounting & Finance Dept., IT Dept., Logistics Dept., Internal Auditing Office)
Director (Part-time) of the Company (current) President & Representative Director, Chief Executive Officer of JX Nippon Mining & Metals Corporation (current)
  Ouchi Yoshiaki
Director (Full-Time Audit and Supervisory Committee Member)
Nishimura Shingo
Director (Full-Time Audit and Supervisory Committee Member)
  Apr. 1984 Apr. 2016
Jun. 2018 Jun. 2019
Jun. 2020
Joined Kyodo Oil Company
Executive Officer of the Company (General Manager of Finance & Investor Relations Dept.)
Senior Vice President of the Company (General Manager of Finance & Investor Relations Dept.) Director, Senior Vice President of the Company (responsible for Internal Control Dept., Controller Dept., Finance & Investor Relations Dept.) Director, Full-Time Audit and Supervisory Committee Member of the Company (current) Corporate Auditor (Full-time) of ENEOS Corporation (current)
Apr. 1985 Apr. 2013
Jun. 2015
Jun. 2017
Apr. 2021 Jun. 2021
Joined Nippon Oil Co., Ltd.
General Manager of Secretariat of JX Nippon Oil & Energy Corporation
General Manager of Gas Business Dept., Resources & Power Company of JX Nippon Oil & Energy Corporation
Executive Officer of JXTG Nippon Oil & Energy Corporation (Executive Regional Officer, China) Aide to President of ENEOS Corporation Director, Full-Time Audit and Supervisory Committee Member of the Company (current) Corporate Auditor (Full-time) of ENEOS Corporation (current)
ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021 70

Executives / Independent Directors
(As of June 25, 2021)
   Ota Hiroko
Outside Director
Miyata Yoshiiku
Outside Director
Kudo Yasumi
Outside Director
   May 1981 Apr. 1993
Apr. 1996 Oct. 1997
Apr. 2001
Apr. 2002 Mar. 2003
Apr. 2004 Aug. 2005
Sep. 2006 Aug. 2008
Jun. 2012 Apr. 2019
Research Fellow at the Japan Institute of Life Insurance
Visiting Associate Professor at the School of Economics of Osaka University
Associate Professor at Saitama University Associate Professor at the National Graduate Institute for Policy Studies
Professor at the National Graduate Institute for Policy Studies
Director of Policy Analysis in the Cabinet Office Deputy Director General for Economic Research in the Cabinet Office
Director General for Economic Research in the Cabinet Office
Professor at the National Graduate Institute for Policy Studies
Minister of State for Economic and Fiscal Policy
Professor at the National Graduate Institute for Policy Studies
Outside Director of the Company (current) Senior Professor at the National Graduate Institute for Policy Studies (current)
Apr. 1977 Apr. 2007
Apr. 2009
Apr. 2011 Jun. 2011
Jan. 2012 Apr. 2013
Apr. 2014
Jun. 2014 Mar. 2015 Apr. 2017
Joined Matsushita Electric Industrial Co., Ltd. Executive Officer of Matsushita Electric Industrial Co., Ltd., Chairman of Panasonic Europe Ltd. Managing Executive Officer of
Panasonic Corporation
Senior Vice President, Director, Visual Products and Display Devices Business Group of AVC Networks Company
Senior Managing Executive Officer of Panasonic Corporation (in charge of Overseas Operations) Representative Director, Senior Managing Director of Panasonic Corporation (in charge of Overseas Operations)
Representative Director, Senior Managing Director, Director, Global Consumer Marketing Sector of Panasonic Corporation Representative Director, Senior Managing Director, Tokyo Representative of
Panasonic Corporation
Representative Director, Senior Managing Director of Panasonic Corporation
Corporate Advisor of Panasonic Corporation Outside Director of TonenGeneral Sekiyu K.K. Outside Director of the Company (current)
Apr. 1975 Jun. 1988
Jun. 1999 Nov. 2000 Apr. 2001 Apr. 2002 Jun. 2004 Apr. 2006
Apr. 2008
Apr. 2009 Jun. 2015 Jun. 2019 Jun. 2021
Joined Nippon Yusen Kabushiki Kaisha
General Manager, Semi-liner Group of Nippon Yusen Kabushiki Kaisha
General Manager, Car Carrier Group No. 2 of Nippon Yusen Kabushiki Kaisha
General Manager, Car Carrier Group No. 1 of Nippon Yusen Kabushiki Kaisha
General Manager, Car Carrier Group of Nippon Yusen Kabushiki Kaisha
Corporate Officer of Nippon Yusen
Kabushiki Kaisha
Managing Director, Corporate Officer of Nippon Yusen Kabushiki Kaisha
Representative Director, Senior Managing Corporate Officer of Nippon Yusen
Kabushiki Kaisha
Representative Director, Executive Vice-President Corporate Officer of Nippon Yusen Kabushiki Kaisha
President, President Corporate Officer of Nippon Yusen Kabushiki Kaisha
Chairman, Chairman Corporate Officer of Nippon Yusen Kabushiki Kaisha
Senior Advisor of Nippon Yusen Kabushiki Kaisha (current)
Outside Director of the Company (current)
   Nishioka Seiichiro
Outside Director
(Audit and Supervisory Committee Member)
Mitsuya Yuko
Outside Director
(Audit and Supervisory Committee Member)
Oka Toshiko
Outside Director
(Audit and Supervisory Committee Member)
   Apr. 1975 Dec. 2007 Jan. 2010 Feb. 2011 Mar. 2013 Sep. 2014
Feb. 2015
Apr. 2015 Jun. 2016 Jun. 2018
Assistant Judge
Chief Judge of the Utsunomiya District Court Presiding Judge of the Tokyo High Court Chief Judge of the Tokyo Family Court President of the Hiroshima High Court Retired from office of the President of the Hiroshima High Court
Registered as an Attorney-at-Law (current) Of Counsel, Asahi Law Offices (current) Visiting professor, Keio University Law School Outside Auditor of the Company
Outside Director, Audit and Supervisory Committee Member of the Company (current)
Apr. 1981 Apr. 1990 Jul. 2010 May 2011 Apr. 2012
Apr. 2014 Jun. 2014
Mar. 2015 Apr. 2015 May 2015
Jun. 2016 May 2017
Jun. 2018 Apr. 2019
Jun. 2019
Joined Hitachi, Ltd.
Part-time instructor of the University of Tsukuba Representative Director of Cipher Co., Ltd. Director of Fujimura Gakuen (current)
Member of Administrative Council of the University of Tsukuba
Visiting Professor of Tokyo Women’s College of Physical Education and Tokyo Women’s Junior College of Physical Education
Advisor of the Tokyo Organizing Committee of the Olympic and Paralympic Games (current)
Outside Corporate Auditor of ASICS Corporation Council Member of the Japan Volleyball Association (current)
Outside Director of Fujita Kanko Inc.
Outside Director of Paloma Co., Ltd.
Board member and Vice President of Japan Basketball Association
President of Japan Basketball Association (current) Member of Central Board of International Basketball Federation (current)
Outside Director of The Fukui Bank, Ltd. (current) Visiting Professor of Tokyo Women’s College of Physical Education and Tokyo Women’s Junior College of Physical Education
Outside Director, Audit and Supervisory Committee Member of the Company (current) Outside Director of Denso Corporation (current) Vice President of Japanese Olympic Committee (current)
Apr. 1986
Jul. 2000 Sep. 2002
Apr. 2005
Apr. 2016 Jun. 2016
Jun. 2018 Jun. 2019 Jun. 2020 Apr. 2021
Joined Tohmatsu Touche Ross Consulting Limited
Joined Asahi Arthur Andersen Limited Principal of Deloitte Tohmatsu Consulting Co., Ltd.
President and Representative Director of ABeam M&A Consulting Ltd.
Partner of PwC Advisory LLC
CEO of Oka & Company Ltd. (current)
Outside Director of Hitachi Metals, Ltd.
Outside Director of Mitsubishi Corporation Outside Director of Sony Corporation (currently Sony Group Corporation) (current)
Outside Director of Happinet
Corporation (current)
Outside Director, Audit and Supervisory Committee Member of the Company (current) Full-time Professor at Meiji University Graduate School (current)
Jun. 2021
71 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021
* Appointed as an outside director of Hitachi Construction Machinery Co., Ltd. on June 28, 2021

To Our Stakeholders
Contents / Editorial Policy and Disclosure Media Framework / Part I Part II Financial and ENEOS Group Philosophy Value Creation Story ESG Management Corporate Data
Reasons for appointing outside directors, expected roles, Board of Directors meeting attendance
 Name / Material concurrent office(s)
Reasons for appointment and expected roles
Ms. Ota specializes in public economics and economic policy, and has long been engaged in education and research at the National Graduate Institute for Policy Studies. In addition, she has held positions such as Director General for Economic Research in the Cabinet Office and Minister of State for Economic and Fiscal Policy; as a result, she has abundant expertise and experience in human resources development, the economy and finance. The Company expects that she will utilize this knowledge and experience to provide the Company with guidance and advice on its management, and supervise management from an independent and objective perspective. We have therefore appointed Ms. Ota as an outside director who is not an Audit and Supervisory Committee member.
Mr. Miyata has been in charge of corporate management in Japan and overseas at Panasonic Corporation for many years, and through past roles, including Chairman of Panasonic Europe Ltd., head of the Visual Products and Display Devices Business Group, and Director of the Global Consumer Marketing Sector, he has deep insight and abundant experience in international business and the field of digital technology. Further, he served as an outside director of TonenGeneral Sekiyu K.K. from March 2015 and has served as an outside director of the Company since April 2017. The Company expects that he will utilize this insight and experience to provide the Company with guidance and advice on its management, and supervise management from an independent and objective perspective. We have therefore appointed Mr. Miyata as an outside director who is not an Audit and Supervisory Committee member.
Mr. Kudo has been in charge of corporate management for many years at Nippon Yusen Kabushiki Kaisha, a company with international business operations. He has gained deep insight and abundant experience in corporate management and has solid accomplishments at one of Japan’s leading listed companies. The Company expects that he will utilize this insight and experience to provide the Company with guidance and advice on its management, and supervise management from an independent and objective perspective. We have therefore appointed Mr. Kudo as an outside director who is not an Audit and Supervisory Committee member.
Mr. Nishioka has held important positions as the Chief Judge of the Utsunomiya District Court, Chief Judge of the Tokyo Family Court, and President of the Hiroshima High Court. He was subsequently active as a lawyer, as well as serving as a visiting professor at Keio University Law School. He has abundant expertise and experience in judicial matters as well as human resource development. He was appointed as an outside auditor of the Company in June 2016 and an outside director who is an Audit and Supervisory Committee member of the Company in June 2018. In these capacities, he has audited and supervised the execution of duties of directors who are not Audit and Supervisory Committee members. The Company expects that he will utilize his insight and experience to provide the Company with guidance and advice on its management, and audit and supervise the execution of duties of directors who are not Audit and Supervisory Committee members from an independent, objective, and fair perspective. We have therefore appointed Mr. Nishioka as an outside director who is an Audit and Supervisory Committee member.
Ms. Mitsuya has been involved in management at a number of companies, and has also held important positions in various sports associations, including President of the Japan Basketball Association. Over the years she has also made significant contributions to education and human resources development at universities and elsewhere. As such, she has deep insight and abundant experience in corporate management, organizational reform and human resources development. The Company expects that she will utilize this insight and experience to provide the Company with guidance and advice on its management, and audit and supervise the execution of duties by directors who are not Audit and Supervisory Committee members from an independent, objective, and fair perspective. We have therefore appointed Ms. Mitsuya as an outside director who is an Audit and Supervisory Committee member.
Ms. Oka specializes in finance, accounting, M&A, and business strategy planning and has been engaged in corporate management for many years, giving her abundant knowledge and experience as an expert in finance and accounting and as a corporate manager. The Company expects that she will utilize this insight and experience to provide the Company with guidance and advice on its management, and audit and supervise the execution of duties of directors who are not Audit and Supervisory Committee members from an independent, objective, and fair perspective. We have therefore appointed Ms. Oka as an outside director who is an Audit and Supervisory Committee member.
Board of Directors
10/11 (91%)
11/11 (100%)
11/11 (100%)
11/11 (100%)
10/10 (100%)
Meeting attendance in fiscal 2020
 Audit and Supervisory Committee
—
—
14/14 (100%)
14/14 (100%)
10/11 (91%)
Nomination Advisory Committee
4/4 (100%)
4/4 (100%)
—
—
—
Compensation Advisory Committee
       Ota Hiroko
• Senior Professor at the National Graduate Institute for
Policy Studies
• Outside Director of Panasonic Corporation
Miyata Yoshiiku
• Outside Director, Kobe Steel, Ltd. (Audit & Supervisory Committee Member)
Kudo Yasumi
• Senior Advisor of Nippon Yusen Kabushiki Kaisha
Nishioka Seiichiro
• Attorney-at-Law, Of Counsel at Asahi Law Offices
Mitsuya Yuko
• Representative Director and President of the Japan Basketball Association
• Outside Director of The Fukui Bank, Ltd.
• Outside Director of Denso Corporation
Oka Toshiko
• Full-time Professor at Meiji University Graduate School
• Outside Director of Sony Group Corporation
• Outside Director of Happinet Corporation
• Outside Director of Hitachi
Construction Machinery Co., Ltd.
Areas in which the Company has particularly high expectations
Sugimori Tsutomu Ota Katsuyuki Yokoi Yoshikazu Iwase Junichi Yatabe Yasushi Saito Takeshi Hosoi Hiroshi Murayama Seiichi Ota Hiroko
Miyata Yoshiiku Kudo Yasumi Ouchi Yoshiaki Nishimura Shingo Nishioka Seiichiro Mitsuya Yuko Oka Toshiko
3/3 (100%)
3/3 (100%)
  —
Elected June 2021
    —
—
—
    Name
Corporate management
ESG
Focus areas for achieving the Long-Term Vision
Digital
International business/M&A
Fostering/developing human resources
Finance/ accounting
Corporate
Legal/
risk management
Technology/ manufacturing/R&D
Business
Sales/ marketing
                            ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021 72

 Financial and Corporate Data
At a Glance
    Consolidated net sales
(FY2020)
7,658.0
billion yen
Consolidated workforce
(As of March 31, 2021)
40,753
employees
Consolidated operating income excluding inventory valuation (FY2020)
215.5billion yen
Market capitalization
(As of March 31, 2021)
1,610.5
billion yen
 Operating Income1
Business Overview and Strategic Policy
Energy Business
Business Overview
Operates the ENEOS brand, with a network of approximately 13,000 service stations nationwide in Japan. Engaged in core businesses, including petroleum products and petrochemicals, as well as businesses that will be mainstays of the future, including electric power, gas, hydrogen, renewable energy, and materials.
Strategic Policy
Improve the efficiency of base businesses and develop growth businesses
• Generate ongoing cash flow by strengthening the competitiveness of base businesses
• Pursue selective investment to develop and strengthen growth businesses and optimize the business portfolio
• Strengthen the business foundation
Oil and Natural Gas Exploration and
Production (E&P) Business
Business Overview
In charge of the Group’s upstream division. Engaged in long-term oil and gas field operations to maintain a stable supply of oil and gas resources, while also conducting basic research and developing systems that will provide the foundation for environmentally conscious businesses for a decarbonized society.
Strategic Policy
Strengthen base businesses and develop environmentally conscious businesses for the realization of a decarbonized society
• Ensure a stable energy supply
• Secure financial, human, and technical resources for growth
businesses
• Create environmental value through Net Zero initiatives
Metals Business
Business Overview
Global business operations in non-ferrous metals, mainly copper and rare metals, covering the full range from the development, smelting and refining of metal resources to the manufacture and development of advanced materials required for the IoT and AI society, as well as the recycling of end-of-life electronic devices.
Strategic Policy
Create new value for copper and rare metals and contribute to the development and innovation of the data society
• Expand strategic investments, pursue technology development
• Review business portfolios
• Develop human resources who can create new value • Contribute to the SDGs
  Energy business Metals business
Oil and Natural Gas E&P business Other
Crude oil price
(Billion yen) 700
600
500
400
300
200
100
0
-100
69
515.7
60
($/B) 70
60
50
40
30
 56 46
45
        184.5
159.3
 Total
−48.2
215.5 20 82.4 2.8
10
78.1
47.9
55.7 43.9 52.2 0
−38.8
 23.0 50.4
372.6
303.6
37.6 93.6
−62.2
37.8 68.1
43.7
96.7
354.1
 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 (FY) 1 Excluding inventory valuation for Energy business only
73 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021
 
To Our Stakeholders
Contents / Editorial Policy and Disclosure Media Framework / Part I Part II Financial and ENEOS Group Philosophy Value Creation Story ESG Management Corporate Data
  Net Sales / Operating Income Fiscal 2020 Operating Income2 (YoY)
  3
 Net sales
(Billion yen)
200
150 100 50 0 -50
Operating income
(Billion yen) 100
144.4 155.8 149.2 133.4 75
     -100 -48.2 2016
7.6
2017
37.8
2018
112.4 50 25
2.8 0 -25
-38.8 -50 2019 2020 (FY)
3
     6
 2
     Net sales (Billion yen) 10,000
8,000 7,813.2
6,000
4,000
2,000 159.3
Operating income excluding inventory valuation (Billion yen)
(Billion yen)
200
150
100
50
2 Excluding inventory valuation for Energy business only Petroleum
8,700.1
8,419.4
9,481.3 354.1
03.6
500
400 5,998.5 300 200
products margins and other +150.0
Petrochemicals margins and other +0.7
   Impairment loss
+74.7
Expense and other -15.6
Petrochemicals sales volume -7.5
Materials
 82.4 100 000
43.7 -33.2 2019
43.7
Petroleum products sales volume
-38.0
-33.3
 Electric
power 82.4
Crude oil price
  2016 2017 2018 2019
2020 (FY)
2020 (FY)
2.8
2020 (FY)
78.1
Non-allocated corporate expenses and other
 (Billion yen)
60
30
0
-30
Sales volume
+20.0 -37.5
  -60
(Billion yen)
100
75
50
25
0
2019
-38.8
 Operating income (Billion yen) 1,500 150
Net sales (Billion yen)
Smelting and
968.4 1,041.8 1,004.4 1,092.1 100
8.1
+20.2
1,000 500
-500
-1,000 -100
Mineral recycling resources +4.4
 871.8 3.0
Functional and thin-film materials
  78.1 50 0 0
+13.2
-62.2
47.9
47.9
2019
Other businesses
-
11.0
-50
+3.4
 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 (FY)
2020 (FY)
ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021 74

 Financial and Corporate Data
  Market Share of Fuel Oil Sales in Japan
Fixed Service Station Market Share (End of Fiscal 2020)
FY2019 FY2020
(%)
60 50 40 30 20 10
0
49.8 46.8 46.8 45.3 46.8 44.6
Other 25.3%
Cosmo Oil 9.4%
  49.5 49.0 45.1
38.8 42.5 42.5
No.1 in Japan
ENEOS
43.5%
               * Excluding crude oil for electric power Sales Volume (Actual and Plan) by Region
Breakdown of Sales Volume by Oil and Gas
Idemitsu Kosan 21.8%
 Gasoline
Kerosene
Diesel fuel
Fuel oil A
Total of 4 products
Domestic demand for fuel oil*
(Fuel type)
  FY2019 (Actual)
16.5 27.1 26.0
United Kingdom
15.6 16.7 16.2
Middle East
FY2020 (Actual)
FY2021 (Plan)
(Unit: thousand B/D)
Gas percentage
63.2
105.6
Oil Gas
(Thousand B/D) 200
150 100 50
Main Products and Applications in the Functional Materials, Thin-Film Materials, and Tantalum and Niobium Businesses
  4.4 3.6
3.5
64.7
125.2
(%) 80
64.4 60 121.2
40
  North America
125.2121.2
Total sales volume
 56.1 64.4 62.5
Southeast Asia
13.0 13.4 13.0
Other
105.6
    20 00
2019 2020 2021 (FY) (Actual) (Actual) (Plan)
       Caserones Copper Mine Production Volume
  Copper concentrate
(Thousand tons)
Copper cathode
Sputtering targets for semiconductors
Global market share 60% (No.1) Applications: Semiconductors (memory chips, logic chips)
InP compound semiconductors
Global market share 50% (No.1)
Applications: Optical communications devices, ultra-fast ICs
Targets for magnetic materials
Global market share 60% (No.1) Applications: Hard disks
Treated rolled copper foil for FPCs
Global market share 80% (No.1) Applications: Flexible printed circuits
  200 150 100
126
2016 2017
133
2018
152
122
2019 2020 (FY)
 121
             50 0
 75 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021
 
To Our Stakeholders
Contents / Editorial Policy and Disclosure Media Framework / Part I Part II Financial and ENEOS Group Philosophy Value Creation Story ESG Management Corporate Data
  Number of affiliated service stations
Approx. 13,000 Paraxylene supply capacity
(direct sales basis)
Crude oil processing capacity
1.87million B/day Propylene supply capacity
(direct sales basis)
Domestic petroleum products and petrochemicals production and manufacturing sites
12sites
Power generation capacity
Domestic city gas, natural gas, and LNG sales
1.05million tons Hydrogen stations in Japan
        1.64million tons/year 2003
1.59GW (As of June 2021)
46locations Production
2018 Started gas production at the Beryl gas field
3.62million tons/year
Exploration and Development Schedule for Main Oil and Gas Fields
Exploration
Development
           Helang gas field and other (Block SK10, Malaysia)
Rang Dong / Phuong Dong oil fields (Block 15-2, Vietnam)
Mariner oil field (U.K. North Sea)
Phosphor bronze foil (under 0.1 mm thickness)
Global market share 60% (No.1) Applications: Connectors, springs
for electronic parts
Titanium copper foil
Global market share 65% (No.1)
Applications: High-end connectors, springs for electronic parts
Started production
at the Helang gas field
2008 Started production
at the Phuong Dong oil field
2014
Final investment decision for the
Layang oil and gas field
2013 Decided to extend PSC term of interests at the Rang Dong oil field
2010
2017 Acquired interests and started development at the Beryl gas field
2017: Started gas production at the Layang oil and gas field 2019: Started crude oil production at the Layang oil and gas field
 Tangguh LNG project (Indonesia)
       1998 Started
production at the Rang Dong oil field
2014 Started HCG-EOR
2019 Decided to extend
PSC term of interests at the Phuong Dong oil field
2020
  PNG LNG project (Papua New Guinea)
2007 2009 2014
Started project study Final investment decision Started production
 Culzean gas field (U.K. North Sea)
 1994
Acquired interests
2012 2013 Final investment 2019
Acquired interests decision Started production
2015 2019
Final investment decision Started production
           Note: Global market shares are company estimates.
High-strength, high-conductivity Corson alloy
Global market share 60% (No.1) Applications: Connectors, lead frames
High-purity tantalum powder
Global market share 50% (No.1) Applications: Capacitors, sputtering targets
2009
Started production
2016 Final investment 2021
decision for expansion project Expansion project
in progress
   End-use applications
 Smartphones Computers, home electronics
Communications Automotive infrastructure
        ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021 76
 
 Financial and Corporate Data Performance Summary
JX Holdings (J-GAAP) (Years ended March 31)
Net sales
Operating income (loss)
Ordinary income (loss)
Ordinary income excluding inventory valuation Net income (loss) attributable to owners of parent
Total assets
Net assets Interest-bearing debt Net interest-bearing debt
Cash flow from operating activities Cash flow from investing activities Free cash flow
Cash flow from financing activities
TonenGeneral Sekiyu (J-GAAP) (Years ended December 31)
Net sales
Operating income (loss)
Ordinary income (loss)
Ordinary income excluding inventory valuation Net income (loss) attributable to owners of parent
Total assets
Net assets Interest-bearing debt Net interest-bearing debt
Cash flow from operating activities Cash flow from investing activities Free cash flow
Cash flow from financing activities
1 Financial position for the year ended March 31, 2017 is as of April 1, 2017.
(Billion yen)
2017
8,136.0 298.4 333.6 193.6 160.1
6,658.6 2,041.7 2,459.1 2,161.7
230.9 (237.5) (6.6) (160.8)
(Billion yen)
2016
2,089.4 81.0 76.7 68.7 64.4
1,249.1 277.2 270.0 170.0
108.7 (29.1)
79.6 (79.3)
       2013
328.3
271.0
159.5
2,327.4
2,549.3
2,299.2
2014
302.3
183.0
107.0
2,626.3
2,801.7
2,520.0
2015
255.2
(277.2)
7,423.4
2,429.8
2,620.3
2,291.0
2016
  Operating Results
 11,219.5
251.5
12,412.0
213.7
10,882.5
(218.9)
(150.1)
8,737.8
(62.2)
(8.6)
260.9
(278.5)
  Financial Position1
 7,274.9
7,781.8
6,724.6
1,928.4
2,581.4
2,088.7
  Cash Flows
 265.6
(426.1)
(160.5)
154.1
305.2
(479.8)
(174.6)
180.1
737.2
(377.8)
359.4
(326.3)
555.0
(307.7)
247.3
(88.0)
                  2012
22.5
18.1
54.8
288.4
333.2
319.8
2013
49.8
2.8
22.9
294.6
329.3
310.7
2014
13.1
(14.0)
1,376.2
262.8
385.6
350.6
2015
  Operating Results
 2,804.9
27.3
3,241.2
52.3
3,451.1
(72.9)
(73.4)
2,627.9
1,209.4
2.0
(0.3)
86.8
0.1
  Financial Position
 1,385.0
1,409.1
234.1
334.2
234.0
  Cash Flows
(1.9)
 (345.8)
(347.7)
360.8
44.3
(14.3)
30.0
(24.8)
99.9
(52.4)
47.5
(31.8)
170.9
(44.2)
126.7
(61.7)
           77 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021

To Our Stakeholders
Contents / Editorial Policy and Disclosure Media Framework / ENEOS Group Philosophy
Part I Part II
Value Creation Story ESG Management
Financial and Corporate Data
ENEOS Holdings (IFRS)2 (Years ended March 31)
Market Situation
Exchange Rate
(¥ / $)
130
120
110 100 90 80 70
~
0
Crude Oil (Dubai)
($ / B)
120
100
80
60
40
20
0
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 LME Copper Price and Inventory Level
LME copper inventory level (at month end)
LME copper price (monthly average)
(Thousand tons) 700
600 500 400 300 200 100
        Net sales
Operating income (loss)
Inventory valuation
Excluding inventory valuation
Financial profit (loss)
Income (loss) before taxes
Net income (loss)
Attributable to owners of parent
Non-controlling interests
Assets
Current assets Non-current assets
Liabilities
Interest-bearing debt Net interest-bearing debt
Net assets
Interests attributable to owners of parent
Non-controlling interests
Cash flow from operating activities
Cash flow from investing activities
Free cash flow
(Excluding the effects of non-business days)
Net cash flow
(Excluding the effects of non-business days)
Net D/E ratio (times)
(Excluding the effects of non-business days)
ROE (%)
(24.0)
(20.1)
(28.5)
(113.1) (209.8)
(22.7) (135.8) (172.7) (187.9)
(Billion yen)
2021
7,658.0 254.2 38.7 215.5
(23.3) 230.9 112.9 114.0
(1.1) 8,058.8
3,039.6
5,019.2
5,306.3
2,036.9
1,617.9
2,752.6
2,325.1
427.5 679.1
(306.8) 372.3 265.5 193.7
86.9
0.59 0.63 4.9
20173
2018
  Operating Results
 9,249.7
 374.0
 189.5
 184.5
10,301.1
487.5
114.9
372.6
11,129.6
   (95.1) (206.9)
(371.3)
(77.6)
(7.5)
2019
537.1
21.4
515.7
2020
10,011.8
96.7
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
    350.0
213.0
212.8
8,363.6
3,187.5
5,176.1
5,720.9
2,719.6
2,351.3
2,642.7
2,208.5
0.2
434.2
─
─
467.4
324.3
361.9
(37.6) 34.8
3,593.2
4,864.4
5,537.6
2,259.9
1,810.4
2,920.0
2,539.6
380.4
481.3
535.5
404.8
508.6
357.1
322.3
4,890.4
5,358.0
2,218.0
1,830.1
3,119.8
2,717.8
402.0
1.3
33.0
15.2
  Financial Position4
 8,457.6
8,477.8
3,587.4
8,011.3
2,878.6
5,132.7
5,303.4
2,300.8
1,898.8
2,707.9
2,311.0
396.9
  Cash Flows
 ─
─
─
─
707.1
612.0
344.2
137.3
169.0
510.7
139.4
238.4
21.4
  Financial Indicators
 0.89
0.89
9.6
0.62
0.66
15.2
0.59
0.62
12.3
0.70
0.70
            (¢ / lb)
400 350 300 250 200 150 100
       2 Trade name changed from JXTG Holdings to ENEOS Holdings in June 2020.
3 The fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 includes the combined total of JX Holdings and TonenGeneral
Sekiyu for the period from April 2016 to March 2017.
4 Financial position for the year ended March 31, 2017 is as of April 1, 2017.
50 00
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021 78

 Financial and Corporate Data
Investor Information
Share Information
Number of authorized shares Number of shares issued Number of shareholders
Major Shareholders
Name of shareholder
The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account) Custody Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account) Custody Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account 7) SMBC Nikko Securities Inc.
STATE STREET BANK WEST CLIENT - TREATY 505234 JPMorgan Securities Japan Co., Ltd.
Custody Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account 5)
Custody Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account 9)
Custody Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account 6)
Kochi Shinkin Bank
* The shareholding ratio is calculated excluding treasury shares (7,283,840 shares).
Share Price Range and Trading Volume
Share price
(Yen)
900 800 700 600 500 400 300
Trading volume
(Million shares)
700 600 500 400 300 200 100
0
Distribution of Shareholders
(As of March 31, 2021)
   8,000,000,000
3,230,282,649
417,864 Other 1.65%
Individuals
22.11%
Securities
companies in Japan 8.35%
  Treasury shares 0.23% Overseas investors 29.91%
Companies in Japan 6.26%
Number of shares held (thousand shares)
267,252 175,122 64,862 52,604 50,323 49,300 46,139 44,799 40,890 40,570
Financial institutions in Japan
31.49%
Percentage of total shares issued* (%) 8.29
5.43
2.01
1.63
1.56
1.52
1.43
1.38
1.26
1.25
                                                                 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3
(Month)
 FY2018
 FY2019
 FY2020
79 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021

To Our Stakeholders
Contents / Editorial Policy and Disclosure Media Framework / ENEOS Group Philosophy
Part I
Value Creation Story
Part II
ESG Management
Financial and Corporate Data
Investor Relations (IR) Activities
The Company proactively disseminates information on manage- ment policies, performance, and other matters to ensure under- standing of the business activities of the ENEOS Group.
For analysts and institutional investors, the Company holds quarterly briefings on financial results and an annual briefing focused on ESG topics. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, these briefings were held online in fiscal 2020. Audio presentations of the briefings are available on the corporate website. In addition, regularly scheduled visits to investors, participation in investment conferences and attendance at meetings with overseas investors by the president, the director responsible for investor relations and others were conducted online as the Company made every effort to maintain dialogue with investors during the pandemic.
Due to the pandemic, the Company refrained from holding its regular annual briefings at ENEOS Group refineries, smelters, and other facilities for analysts and institutional investors, and its regular briefings for individual investors. In fiscal 2021, we will carefully consider whether to hold the briefings based on the status of the pandemic and the policies of national and local governments.
The Investor Relations section of the Company’s website contains useful materials for investors, such as financial results, presentation materials, annual and quarterly financial statements, shareholder newsletters, integrated reports, and presentation materials used at shareholder briefings.
In fiscal 2020, the Company received awards for its IR activities from the following organizations. The Company has also been selected for inclusion in a number of ESG-related indexes.
Awards for IR Activities (Fiscal 2020)
•Institutional Investor
In the All-Japan Executive Team ranking* published by the American financial journal Institutional Investor, the Company has been ranked first in the Best CFOs category and second in the Best CEOs, Best IR Professionals, Best IR Programs, Best IR Team, and Best ESG categories in the Energy & Utilities sector.
* https://www.institutionalinvestor.com/research/10987/Combined
•Internet IR Awards
The Company received the Award for Excellence of the Internet IR Awards presented by Daiwa Investor Relations.
•Excellence in Corporate Disclosure
The Company received the Award for Excellence in Corporate Disclosure from The Securities Analysts Association of Japan.
WEB ENEOS Holdings Investor Relations Webpage https://www.hd.eneos.co.jp/english/ir/
Selection for Inclusion in ESG-Related Investment Indexes (As of September 2021)
•FTSE4Good Index Series
•FTSE Blossom Japan Index
•MSCI Japan ESG Select Leaders Index
•MSCI Japan Empowering Women Index (WIN)
•S&P/JPX Carbon Efficient Index
•SOMPO Sustainability Index
•Nadeshiko Brand*
* An initiative of Japan’s Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) and the Tokyo Stock Exchange (TSE) for introducing TSE-listed enterprises that are outstanding in terms of encouraging the empowerment of women in the workplace as attractive stocks to investors
        ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021 80

  Financial and Corporate Data Company Overview
Trade name Representatives
Date established Business year
ENEOS Holdings, Inc.
Sugimori Tsutomu
Representative Director, Chairman of the Board
Ota Katsuyuki
Representative Director, President
April 1, 2010
April 1 to March 31 of the following year
Head office 1-2 Otemachi 1-chome, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo Website
Our website provides additional information that complements this Integrated Report.
WEB https://www.hd.eneos.co.jp/english/
History of the Founding and Integration of the ENEOS Group
1800
1905
1889
1893 1888
1900
Prewar
1912 1928
1935
1933
1937–1945
Sino-Japanese War, Pacific War
Post-war Reconstruction
Rapid Economic Growth Period
1973 –1979
First and Second Oil Crises
  Hitachi Mine
Ogura Aburaten
Kuhara Mining Co.
Aikoku Sekiyu, Limited
Ogura Oil
Nippon Sangyo Co.
Aikoku Sekiyu stock company
Separation of mining and smelting operations 1929
Succession of metals business
      1931
Mitsubishi Oil
Toa Nenryo Kogyo K.K.
General Bussan K.K.
Kyushu Oil
Kyodo Oil Co.
  1934
 1955
    1925
1894
Nippon Petrochemicals Co., Ltd.
        1921 Merger
 1893 1893
1932
1960
1968
 Toyo Shoko Co., Ltd.
1941 Koa Oil
1951
Tohoku Oil
 Hoden Oil
Nippon Oil
Nippon Oil Corporation
1941 1942 Merger Merger
1947 1939
1934
Nippon
Petroleum Refining
 Tonen Sekiyu Kagaku
1958
  General Sekiyu K.K.
 1963 1961 1961
  Socony (U.S.) Japan branch
     Vacuum Oil (U.S.) Japan branch
81 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021
Socony-Vacuum (U.S.) Japan branch
Nippon Mining Co.
Stanvac (U.S.) Japan branch
1965 1960
Kyokuto Petroleum Industries K.K.
 Mitsui Oil Supply Company, Limited
 Esso Standard Sekiyu K.K.
1961
Mobil Sekiyu K.K.
                       
 Holdings
     Energy
Oil and Natural Gas Exploration and Production (E&P)
Metals
Publicly traded affiliates
NIPPO, etc.
1992
Bubble Economy
Collapse of Bubble Economy, Low Growth Period
 1999 2002
Nippon Mining & Metals Co., Ltd.
   Nippon Mining & Metals Co., Ltd.
1992
Nikko Kyodo Co.
1993
2002
2020
ENEOS Holdings, Inc.
  Nippon Mining Holdings, Inc.
Japan Energy Corporation
     Japan Energy Corporation
  2002
Succession of refining operations
(holding company)
Nippon Petrochemicals
2010
2017
2010
2016 2017
2016
   JX Nippon Oil & Energy Corporation
JX Nippon Oil & Gas Exploration Corporation
JX Nippon Oil & Energy Corporation
JX Nippon Oil & Gas Exploration Corporation
ENEOS Corporation
JX Nippon Oil & Gas Exploration Corporation
 JX Nippon Mining & Metals Corporation
   JXTG Nippon Oil & Energy Corporation
      1999
Nisseki
Mitsubishi Refining
Nippon Petroleum Refining Co., Ltd.
2002
2008 Merger
JX Nippon Mining & Metals Corporation
JX Nippon Mining & Metals Corporation
    1990
Nisseki Mitsubishi
Nippon Oil Corporation
2011
JX Holdings, Inc.
(holding company)
JXTG Holdings, Inc.
  Tonen Chemical Corporation stock company
2000
Formation of the JXTG Group (Now the ENEOS Group)
2015 2017 Merger Merger
Tonen Chemical Corporation, LLC
 1989
TonenGeneral Sekiyu K.K.
  1982
Tonen K.K.
1990
2014
  Mitsui Oil Co., Ltd.
MOC Marketing Godo Kaisha
 Esso Sekiyu K.K.
2002 2012
  ExxonMobil Yugen Kaisha
EMG Marketing Godo Kaisha
2014
Integration by business transfer
To Our Stakeholders
Contents / Editorial Policy and Disclosure Media Framework / Part I Part II
ENEOS Group Philosophy Value Creation Story ESG Management
Financial and Corporate Data
ENEOS Group Management Structure
Note: ENEOS, JX Nippon Oil & Gas Exploration, and JX Nippon Mining & Metals are collectively referred to as the “principal operating companies.”
2000
                         ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021 82

   Printed in Japan
ENEOS REPORT
