Progress of Second Medium-Term Management PlanBusiness-Specific Strategies
Oil and Natural Gas E&P Business
Working to strengthen base businesses and develop growth businesses aimed at achieving a decarbonized society
Business Environment and Basic Policies
Business Environment
Related SDGs
     Our Strengths
• Safe and stable operations with emphasis on maintaining long-term relationships with governments of oil-producing countries and other stakeholders in our business regions
• Knowledge accumulated through our existing businesses in the United States and Southeast Asia, and joint research with oil-producing countries concerning CCS/CCUS technologies
  Risks Opportunities
 • Greater-than-expected decline in demand for fossil fuels due to rapid progress of decarbonization
• Instability of commodities prices due to stagnant or reduced investment in oil and natural gas exploration and development
• Strong demand for natural gas driven by the worldwide coal-to-gas shift and economic growth in emerging countries in Asia
• Growing demand for CCS/CCUS technologies as decarbonization technologies
 Basic Policies of Second Medium-Term Management Plan*
* Reviewed initial basic policies in order to strengthen environmentally conscious businesses
 1 Base businesses (oil and natural gas E&P business)
Ensure stable supply of energy and serve as source of capital, human and technological resources for growth businesses
2 Growth businesses (environmentally conscious businesses) Creation of environmental value through Net Zero initiatives
Progress of Second Medium-Term Management Plan
Base Businesses Achieving Safe and Stable Operations and Improved Earnings
  In fiscal 2020, we maintained safe and stable operations as pro- duction volume greatly exceeded the previous year, despite the ongoing impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic.
While the prices of crude oil and natural gas fell significantly com- pared to the previous fiscal year, we managed to greatly improve profitability from the loss suffered in the previous fiscal year through measures for absence of impairment loss and the full-fledged recouping of business investments in Malaysia and the U.K.
In Malaysia, we commenced full production from the Layang 25 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021
oil and gas field, which is an additional development to our exist- ing projects. Light crude oil produced from this field is now being shipped from FPSO1, introduced in fiscal 2020.
In the U.K., we continue steady production from the two major exploration and development projects, the Culzean gas field and the Mariner oil field in the UK North Sea, both of which commenced production in fiscal 2019. Production volumes for each in fiscal 2020 roughly doubled the previous year’s volumes. 1 Floating production, storage and offloading
To Our Stakeholders
Contents / Editorial Policy and Disclosure Media Framework / Part I Part II Financial and ENEOS Group Philosophy Value Creation Story ESG Management Corporate DataHosoi Hiroshi
Representative Director, President and CEO JX Nippon Oil & Gas Exploration Corporation
 Growth Businesses Pursuing Environmentally Conscious Businesses
In the U.S., we are participating in a large-scale commercial project utilizing CCUS2 technology to separate and recover high-volume CO2 emissions from a thermal power plant and inject them into aging oil fields to increase oil production. Since operations began in December 2016, we have injected a total of 3.77 million tons of CO2 into aging oil fields.
In Southeast Asia, JX Nippon Oil & Gas Exploration is pursuing joint research together with local state-owned oil companies to
establish a low-environmental-impact business model utilizing its proprietary CCS3/CCUS technologies.
We established the Sustainable Business Unit in April 2021
to quickly pursue environmentally conscious businesses in a
concentrated manner. We also established a structure for the
centralization of CCS/CCUS technology information to support
the further utilization of technology and business expansion.
2 Carbon dioxide capture, utilization and storage 3 Carbon dioxide capture and storage
  Close-up
Contributing to Carbon Neutrality
Utilizing CCS/CCUS Technologies
 Pursuing Joint Research
The worldwide movement toward decarbonization has even reached fossil energy exporting countries, as countries in Southeast Asia, our core business area, are beginning to work toward reducing their green- house gas emissions. JX Nippon Oil & Gas Exploration has already started examination of an E&P business model utilizing its CCS/CCUS technologies together with local state-owned oil companies, and initiated joint research in Indonesia in 2018 and Malaysia in 2020.
In both research endeavors, we are conducting basic studies and surveys regarding E&P business mod- els with low environmental impacts, mainly in aging oil and gas fields and gas fields containing high-concentra-
Developing New Businesses Using CCS/CCUS Technologies
Using our CCS/CCUS technologies, JX Nippon Oil & Gas Exploration aims to establish new environmentally conscious businesses and develop them as our growth businesses.
We will move forward on the establishment of a power generation business that utilizes carbon-free gas produced from the natural gas projects where our CCS/CCUS technologies have been introduced, and a business to manufacture blue hydrogen4 and ammonia from residual gas after CO2 separation.
4 A form of hydrogen energy produced without releasing CO2 into the atmosphere by utilizing CCS or CCUS.
tion CO2. Going forward, we plan to use CCS/CCUS technologies at these oil and gas fields to produce crude oil and natural gas with low environmental impacts.
As a new initiative in 2021, we decided to partici- pate in joint research on CO2 capture, shipping and offshore storage in Australia. This is a large-scale verifi- cation trial that involves liquefying captured CO2, ship- ping it and injecting it at a location offshore of Australia. Through participation in this verification trial, we aim to further increase the value of our technological knowl- edge and gain new knowledge on the liquefaction, shipping and injection of CO2 from marine vessels.
Examples of New Business Models That Leverage CCS/CCUS
(Business Expansion Leveraging CCS/CCUS)
   Acid gas field
CO2-EOR
Gas processing facilities
CO2 separation and recovery
CCS
Blue power
Blue hydrogen and ammonia
        JX Nippon Oil & Gas Exploration’s main businesses Natural gas Projects JX Nippon Oil & Gas Exploration participates in CO2
  ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021 26