Progress of Second Medium-Term Management PlanBusiness-Specific Strategies
Metals Business
Creating new value for copper and rare metals to contribute to the development and innovation of the data society
Business Environment and Basic Policies
     Business Environment
Related SDGs
  Our Strengths
• Product lineup focused on copper and rare metals, core materials used in electronics applications
• Elemental technologies in high purification, recycling, and other areas cultivated in our mineral
resources and smelting and refining businesses
• Product lineup of functional and thin-film materials with top shares in global niche markets, created through combined application of our elemental technologies
• Integrated supply chain, from mineral resources, smelting and refining, and recycling to advanced materials
  Risks Opportunities
 • Mineral resources: Fluctuations in metal prices that affect profitability, reduction of high-quality ore, tighter environmen- tal regulations
• Smelting and refining, recycling and environmental services: Intensifying competition with Asian companies, shrinking Japanese market
• Advanced materials: Risk of market loss due to shortened product life cycles, emergence of alternative materials, and economic downturns
• Rising number of electronic devices from advancements in IoT and AI along with increasing demand for advanced materials with higher performance and multifunctionality
• Growing need for recycling from increasing demand to transition to a recycling-oriented society
• Increasing demand for copper and rare metals driven by growing middle classes and expanded applications accompanying economic growth in emerging countries
 Basic Policies of Second Medium-Term Management Plan
 1 Expand strategic investments, pursue technology development
2 Review business portfolios
3 Develop human resources who can create new value
4 Contribute to the SDGs
 27 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021
To Our Stakeholders
Contents / Editorial Policy and Disclosure Media Framework / Part I Part II Financial and ENEOS Group Philosophy Value Creation Story ESG Management Corporate Data
 Murayama Seiichi
President & Representative Director JX Nippon Mining & Metals Corporation
Progress of Second Medium-Term Management Plan
Strategic Investments and Technology Development Review Business Portfolios Human Resource Development
Increasing Production Capacity to Accommodate Rising Demand and Identifying and Developing New Business Opportunities
   Demand for leading-edge materials for smart devices, telecom- munications infrastructure and power devices is growing substantially due to the growth of remote work and rapid advancements in the data society driven by the protraction of the COVID-19 pandemic. We are already moving ahead with planned increases in production capacity for sputtering targets for semiconductors, treated rolled copper foil, and high-function- ality copper alloy strips from the previous Medium-Term Man- agement Plan period, but we have found the need to complete capacity expansion projects ahead of schedule or above and
Acquisition of Interests in the Caserones Copper Mine
In February 2021 we acquired all interests and rights in the Caserones Copper Mine. The copper concentrate mined there is an important raw material for the Saganoseki Smelter & Refinery, and the value of this high-grade, clean copper concentrate is on the rise amid the declining grade and increasing impurities of copper mined elsewhere in the world. Furthermore, this clean copper concentrate can be utilized to
beyond initial plans in order to respond to robust demand.
At the same time, in addition to investments in new busi- nesses that will be mainstays of our portfolio, we are using cross-functional personnel exchanges and support for idea actualization to develop human resources who can inde- pendently take on the challenges of innovation to create new value. We aim to create new businesses, eyeing trends such as the advancement of the data society and decarbonization as
business opportunities.
increase the processing of raw materials for recycling containing many impurities that are used in the flash furnace as part of the smelting and refining process. We are now working to increase the resilience of the smelting and refining business, which is central to the recycling of metal materials, by securing a stable supply of high-quality copper concentrate.
Increasing Collection and Processing of Raw Materials for Recycling through Integrated Smelting and Refining and Recycling Operations
Amid growing interest in securing resources such as copper and rare metals, which are essential for a decarbonized society, and resource recycling, we are working to increase collection and processing of raw materials for recycling using an operating structure that combines the smelting and refining business and the recycling business. As part of this effort, we increased the collection and processing capacity of the recycling center in
Taiwan, and we also established a logistics base in Oita Prefecture and increased the pre-processing capacity for raw materials at the nearby Saganoseki Smelter & Refinery. During the period of the Medium-Term Management Plan, we plan to increase the processing volume of the raw materials by 1.35 times over fiscal 2019 levels.
 SDGs Establishment of Interim Target for Fiscal 2030 Aimed at Net-Zero CO2 Emissions
JX Nippon Mining & Metals has established a target of net-zero CO2 emissions by fiscal 2050. To this end, we have established an interim target of reducing our own CO2 emissions by 50% by fiscal 2030 compared to fiscal 2018. This is a ten-year accelera- tion of the previous target of a 50% reduction by fiscal 2040. To
achieve this target, we will establish an ESG investment frame- work for efforts such as switching to CO2-free electricity in all business areas, increasing recycling, and pursuing fuel conver- sion and fundamental process development.
ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021 28
 
Progress of Second Medium-Term Management Plan
   Increasing Production Capacity
Expanding the Production System for Treated Rolled Copper Foil, High-Functionality Copper Alloy Strips and Sputtering Targets for Semiconductors
Completion of Facility Installation for Increasing Production Capacity by 30% Compared to Fiscal 2017
Close-up 1
 In June 2020, we completed the installation of facilities to increase production capacity, per the previous Medi- um-Term Management Plan, of sputtering targets for semiconductors, treated rolled copper foil, and high-func- tionality copper alloy strips, each of which is experiencing growing demand as high-performance materials for lead- ing-edge electronics. As a result, production capacity for each of these products will be increased by around 30% compared to fiscal 2017 levels. To meet robust demand, we have been operating at full capacity for sputtering targets for semiconductors since the first half of fiscal 2020 and for treated rolled copper foil and high-functionality copper alloy strips since the first half of 2021.
Treated rolled copper foil
 Further Increasing Production Capacity of Sputtering Targets for Semiconductors to Meet Sharply Rising Demand
Worldwide demand for semiconductors is growing amid
the sharp uptick in demand for smart devices and
 telecommunications infrastructure, underpinned by remote work and other factors. In regard to sputtering targets for semiconductors, demand is quickly outpacing our projec- tions and this demand is expected to continue in the future with advancements in 5G infrastructure and digital trans- formation (DX). We are implementing initiatives that will enable us to build supply capability to meet growing demand and continue to earn customer trust.
In December 2020, we decided to increase production capacity for sputtering targets by around 30% by aug- menting equipment for overall processes ahead of the original schedule in the second Medium-Term Manage- ment Plan to meet rapidly rising demand. Later, we decid- ed to move up the completion timeline and increase equipment capacity even further. We will continue to con- sider additional capacity increases in order to respond to rising demand over the medium and long term.
Sputtering targets for semiconductors
 29 ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021
Longtan Works (Taiwan), a major production base for sputtering targets for semiconductors

To Our Stakeholders
Contents / Editorial Policy and Disclosure Media Framework / Part I Part II Financial and ENEOS Group Philosophy Value Creation Story ESG Management Corporate DataMetals Business
  Close-up 2
Hybrid Smelting
Working to Achieve 50% Input Rate of Raw Materials for Recycling in Copper Smelting and Refining in 2040
 Copper refining at the Saganoseki Smelter & Refinery uses a smelting method with lower environmental impacts in terms of energy efficiency and CO2 emis- sions because the sulfur contained in copper concen- trate, which is a raw material, dissolves from reaction heat. Furthermore, with the effective use of excess heat generated in the smelting process, raw materials for recycling and copper concentrate can be processed using the same blast furnace.
Recycling Workflow at Our Smelter & Refinery
We are pursuing “hybrid smelting,” in which we will further increase the input ratio of raw materials in order to reduce energy consumption and secure a stable supply of resources. We are now working to establish technologies and a system for increasing the collection and processing of raw materials in order to increase the input ratio of raw materials in copper smelting from around 12% currently to 50% by 2040.
Smelting process
 Pre-processing
  Receipt
Incineration
     Lithium-Ion Battery Recycling and Development of Next-Generation Battery Materials
Creating Technologies for Closed-Loop Recycling and Next-Generation Battery Materials
Close-up 3
We are working on technological and system develop- ment for closed-loop recycling, in which cobalt, nickel, lithium, and other rare metals contained in used lithium-ion batteries can be reused as raw materials for automotive batteries. Using bench-scale equipment, we have estab- lished technology for extracting high-quality, recyclable raw materials from batteries. From fiscal 2021, we will con- duct a verification trial for scaling up this technology in Tsuruga City, Fukui Prefecture.
We are also working on the development of tech- nologies for all-solid-state batteries, which are expect- ed to be the batteries of the next generation. We will accelerate commercialization in terms of both recycling and materials development.
Bench-scale equipment at Hitachi Works
Recovered materials (from left: nickel sulfate, cobalt sulfate, and lithium carbonate)
     ENEOS Holdings, Inc. | ENEOS REPORT Integrated Report 2021 30