  Integrated Report 2019
Securities code: 6287
             SATO HOLDINGS CORPORATION www.satoworldwide.com
              
    Contents
SATO Values
      SATO Values 2 Instilling corporate values in employees 3 Teiho 4 Our journey of tackling changes and challenges 5 What SATO aims to be 7 SATO by the numbers 9 From the President and CEO 1 1 Sustainability framework 1 7 Our business model 25 Our wide coverage of markets, industries and applications 27 Our products and services 29 Actions for sustainable business growth 31 Latest in solutions 39 Latest in alliances 40 Taking new challenges 41 From the CFO 43 Corporate governance 47 From our external directors 53 Management team 55 Financial review for FY 2018 57 Financial summary 59 Stock information 61 Corporate data 62 Basics of auto-ID technology 63 SATO terminologies 64
page 11
page 17
page 31
page 47
Corporate motto
Mission Vision Credo
Akunaki sozo — Ceaseless Creativity
Our mission is to create new value for our customers through products and services of superior quality,
and to contribute towards a better and more sustainable world.
We aim to be the leader and most trusted company in the auto-ID solutions industry worldwide, exceeding customer expectations in an ever-changing world.
• We inspire changes, new ideas, and the courage of promoting customer-centric innovation in the spirit of Ceaseless Creativity.
• We seek to be true professionals by constantly striving to exceed the expectations of our customers.
• We see things as they are, and do the right thing right away.
• We show respect for all individuals, extend trust to each other,
and work together as one cohesive team.
• We enable a vibrant and open-minded workplace, eliminating the formalities
that cause “Big Company Disease.”
• We share the returns from our business with our four stakeholders: shareholders, employees,
society and the company.
                                                                                                                    Editorial concept
This report is the record of the tangible and intangible aspects of the SATO Group’s medium- to long-term value-creation story through its core business of auto-ID solutions.
2

Instilling corporate values in employees
Spreading SATO Values (our corporate philosophy)
 We are undertaking activities to impart our Credo to SATO Group employees around the world for them to put its principles into daily practice. We believe these efforts help us drive “Change and Action” that we need in business, deliver our Vision, and take us closer to fulfilling our Mission to “contribute towards a better and more sustainable world.”
Over 50 promotional leaders chosen from group companies worldwide serve as “ambassadors” to spread the spirit to their local colleagues through various activities.
One of the biggest such activities is the SATO Values Workshop held at countries/regions where our group companies operate. Local leaders work off of the training program that we develop every year to facilitate workshops in their local language. Workshop materials are translated into 15 languages, while the SATO Values pocket leaflets we distribute for employees to carry around with their employee ID cards are printed in English on one side and local language on the other.
Scenes from a SATO Values Workshop
    Credo Awards World Cup
We hold an annual event in which we recognize individual employee behavior over the past year that lived up to our Credo.
Each group company collects entries from its employees for nomination to the global competition, in which group company heads and values promotion leaders vote to shortlist the finalists.
Finalists are invited to the annual SATO Group Summit,
where they would present their episodes on the Credo Awards World Cup stage, to receive votes for the Best of the Best.
We are seeing more employees enter the contest every year, with more entries involving highly Credo-compliant actions than ever. After the World Cup, finalists return to their workplaces brimming with confidence, motivation and growth, bringing renewed energy to their teams.
 Credo Awards World Cup
    3
 Teiho
Where change always began for over 40 years
 Founder Yo Sato started the Teiho reporting system in 1976 from the belief that management alone cannot run the company and keep it growing; every employee should pitch in for the company to contribute to the global society. Teiho is a system for employees to submit original ideas, innovations and proposals aimed to make the company
better and on how to put them into action, drawing from customer feedback or market information they obtain from their field of operations. These Teiho reports that are submitted daily to top management serve as
our driving force for making important business decisions and changes.
   Comments on report and sends out instructions for relevant departments/members to follow up
 Top management
Growing database of over
8 million entries
Ideas
Used in daily work
     Employees
 Report on original ideas, innovations and proposals aimed to make the company better and on how to put them into action
    Submission form
Web
Top management comments/sends instructions on ideas submitted
For more about Teiho, see:
http://www.satoworldwide.com/sato-group/teiho-system.aspx
4
 Take action
Requests improvement
 Our means of participatory management

 Our journey of tackling changes and challenges
 The SATO Group had always wanted to “do something” to make work easier for workers at factories, warehouses and stores, which led to the creation of its bamboo processors, hand labelers and barcode printers. Today, it focuses more on solutions while continuing the business of creating,
1940
SATO founded
Started manufacturing and sales of bamboo processors.
1964
manufacturing and selling products. As SATO turns 80 next year, its business will keep evolving over time, but the founding spirit to support people working at the very site of operations will always remain an integral part of its culture.
Started production o f labels
Began hand labeler labels production in-house to ensure stable printing and application quality. Since then its production capabilities have evolved to cater to diverse needs (e.g., heat-resistant labels for steel, environmentally friendly options).
   Our challenge continues into the future
1990s
Established DCS & Labeling
for solving customers’ problems on site
SATO shifted its focus to selling solutions to help customers in diverse industries collect various data on their operations for subsequent processing in their core IT systems. It named the business model DCS (Data Collection Systems) & Labeling.
2010s
Enhanced the business model to
DCS & Labeling +One
to solve problems faced by business leaders
In 2000s, enterprises started to face common pain points such as productivity and labor shortages. To better address these problems and create value for our customers, SATO started partnering with other companies to combine various auto ID technologies, laying foundation for our solutions business today.
DCS & Labeling
Universal pain points in management
Global solutions provider
Future
Sustainable world
    Launched IoT-ready CLNX series printers Started offering SOS (SATO Online Services), an IoT-enabled maintenance system
2017
Fully started in-house production of original RFID consumables
Launched IDP (Inline Digital Printing) business
More advanced auto-ID solutions
Diverse consumer preferences Growth of IoT
2014–15
   Past Present
1962
Invented the world’s first
hand labeler
Helped retail stores cut down on the time and the trouble of applying price tags. This was the inception of tagging — SATO’s important business domain and foundation.
Evolving the business to meet changing needs
1981
Developed the world’s first thermal transfer barcode printer
Met the growing needs for accuracy and labor savings as use of point of sale (POS) systems spread in supermarkets.
SATO went on to develop various printers that would serve not just retail but a wide range of industries
     including logistics, manufacturing and health care.
 SATO business
Products that meet the needs of the era
Changes in Rise of supermarkets Spread of barcodes society
Complex issues at customer sites
    Time-proven strengths of tagging on site Uncompromising commitment to product and value creation
         56

   What SATO aims to be
 The world today turns to IoT and AI to seek ways to solve societal challenges arising from more diverse supply chains, greater demand for safety, and mounting demographic concerns.
By using this as an opportunity to expand our business worldwide on “selling the solution” to support information tagging for a wide range of markets and industries, we aim to grow ourselves into a global solutions provider that contributes to a better and more sustainable world.
Sustainable world
  Growth strategy
FY 2019–21 SATO Group Medium-term Objectives & Strategies
Concentrate resources on our auto-ID solutions business (DCS & Labeling +One), and establish sustainable growth and stable profits
Global solutions provider
Grow and evolve the auto-ID solutions business Strengthen and expand business through global alliances Develop B2B2C business to create new consumer value (Commercialize IDP solutions and new RFID technologies)
Selling the solution, not the product (koto-uri)
  The world around us
Societal challenges
More diverse supply chains
Greater demand for safety
Shift in demographics
Climate change
Technological innovations
 IoT
 AI
 5G
 Sensors
 Robotics
   Genbaryoku
See Page 64.
Public
Logistics
A global solutions provider that contributes towards a better and more sustainable world
— Value creation for customer & SATO — — Focus on overseas subsidiaries —
Retail
Manufacturing
Tag information to things & people
 FY 2025 targets
(consolidated)
   Opportunities
Health care
Food & beverage
Sales:
Operating income:
Relevant SDGs
¥200 billion ¥24 billion
 Auto-ID solutions business
Creating “unbeatable offerings”
(best-in-class solutions, products, services, devices)
 Sustainability Corporate governance
 78

SATO by the numbers
    Performance highlights
The SATO Group closed FY 2018 with sales at ¥116.2 billion (up 2.5% year on year), operating income at ¥7.7 billion (up 22.9%) and profit attributable to owners of parent at ¥3.8 billion (down 7.4%). Both our Japan and Overseas businesses raised their sales and OI performances from last year, pushing respective figures to record their highest ever in our core auto-ID solutions segment and on a consolidated basis.
 Sales & operating income
Sales
116,179million
(Millions of JPY)
120,000
90,000 7,444 60,000
30,000
0
Profit attributable to owners of parent & ROE
Sales continued to grow, while OI for Japan and Overseas improved by 20% in FY 2018.
ROE
6.9%
(Millions of JPY)
FY 2017 saw extraordinary income owing to sale of fixed assets, while FY 2018 reflected impairment loss at an overseas subsidiary.
99,831 105,504 106,302 113,383 116,179 12,000 5,000
7,679 9,000 4,000 7.6
(%)
10
Financial
   3,763
3,687
7.1
2015
4,074 3,221 7.6
6.2
2016 2017
3,773
  Free cash flow
4,152million
We continue to increase free cash flow after investments on an ERP system
(now in successful operation) had impacted FY 2015 figures.
EBITDA margin
(Millions of JPY)
11.4
6,455
6,249
2017
6.9 8 6
6,104
2016
Sales (left axis)
6,000 3,000
3,000 2,000 1,000
4 2 0
ROE (right axis)
  (FY) 2014 2015
2018
0 0 (FY) 2014
2018
Operating income (right axis)
Profit attributable to owners of parent (left axis)
11.4%
(%)
12 9 6 3
Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization rose to its highest ever, with its margin growing a full percentage point.
  6,000 4,000 2,000
0 -2,000 -4,000
11.1 11.0
10.6
10.4
 2,983
(FY) 2014
-3,504
2015
2,052
2016
2,679
2017
4,152
2018
0 (FY) 2014 2015 Dividends per share
2016 2017 2018
We continue to increase dividend payout at steady increments.
70
        Capital expenditures & depreciation
 Capital expenditures
4,801million
(Millions of JPY)
Capital expenditures took an expected drop from FY 2017 that saw surge in spendings on production enhancement and plant relocation. Depreciation increased slightly.
¥70
(JPY)
80 60 40 20
  10,000 8,000 6,000 4,000 2,000
0
7,372
2,500
(FY) 2014
9,044
4,3074,8014,489 2017 2018
60
65
  6,717 3,941
2015
55
 5,723 3,996
2016
45
      0 (FY) 2014
2015 2016
2017 2018
 Market share for variable Market share for
information labels barcode label printers In business for
No.1 No.2 80
years
worldwide
* SATO estimate
Per capita productivity
worldwide
* Source: Chunichisha. “Whole Picture of the Printer Market Report 2019.”
Non-financial
(as at FY 2020)
 POINT
(Millions of JPY)
Greater efficiency in sales and operations heightened profitability, raising per capita productivity as well.
POINT
Early-career trainings continue to lower turnover, while employees, on average, continue to serve the company longer, owing to enhanced initiatives to improve work-life balance.
2.00 1.80 1.60
0
1.93
2018
30 13.4 13.8
Turnover of new graduate hires within 3 years & average length of service (Japan only)
(%)
14.6
13.2
14.6
13.3
14.9 (No. of years) 15
   1.69
2014
1.75
2016
20 10
8.0
10 5
1.81
2015
1.84
2017
21.8
19.6
     (FY)
0 (FY) 2014 2015
Turnover of new graduate hires within 3 years (left axis)
Per capita productivity = Operating income plus goodwill amortization and ERP system depreciation per working employee
Board size & ratio of external directors
Patent utilization rate (Japan)
POINT
(No. of directors)
We have increased the ratio of external directors on our board since first adding in 1999. External directors now account for the majority of our board, reflecting the growing need for board independence.
POINT
Our conscious efforts to obtain patents that create customer value have kept our utilization rate growing to exceed the industry’s average since FY 2017.
2016
2017
2018 0 Average length of service (right axis)
  15 12 9 6 3 0
14(2) 100
100
80 65.2 67.1 72.1
(%)
(%)
 10(4) 1(1 5) 1(1 6)
55 8(5)
80
 63
59.1 56.1
60 54.1
 60 4045 40 20
40 35.9 44.0
  14
28.0
20
0 (FY) 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018
SATO’s patent utilization rate*1 Electrical machinery manufacturers*2
*1 Based on date registered *2 Utilization rate of (owned) patent rights
Source: In-house records Source: Japan Patent Office Annual Reports 2015–2019
 (FY) 2002 2004 2010 2016 2019 0
Internal directors (left axis) External directors (left axis) Ratio of external directors (right axis) Figures in parentheses: No. of external directors
The 2019 Intellectual Property Achievement Awards
Since its early days, SATO has always understood the importance of patents, with which it has protected numerous aspects of its proprietary technologies. Conscious efforts to obtain patents that lead to customer value have improved our implementation rate by 30 percent over four years, and won us the Commissioner of the Japan Patent Office Award from the Japan Patent Office (Japan Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry) in FY 2019 as a recognition of our contributions toward effective utilization and development of the nation’s IP rights system.
    Capital expenditures Depreciation
9 10

  Management policy
Perfect the basics, collaborate, take new challenges
Growth strategy
Concentrate resources on our auto-ID solutions business (DCS & Labeling +One), and establish sustainable growth and stable profits
1. Grow and evolve the auto-ID solutions business
2. Strengthen and expand business through global alliances
3. Develop B2B2C business to create new consumer value (Commercialize IDP solutions and new RFID technologies)
          From the President and CEO
 Highest-ever sales and OI accelerates our commitment to
“sell the solution”
We recorded highest-ever consolidated figures for FY 2018 at sales of ¥116.2 billion and operating income of ¥7.7 billion.
The strong performance proves that our strategic efforts in Japan since FY 2016 to “sell the solution, not the product” (koto-uri) for each industry are succeeding. This method of offering ideal combinations of printers and matching products with real, measurable benefits for sites of operation is
a business that brings high value-add to our customers while bolstering our own profitability as well.
Outside Japan, sales have largely grown in our base business of printers and consumables, but time taken in the Americas and Europe to shift their strategies had caused us to miss our initial targets. We also admit that we’re still not generating synergies we initially intended with our global subsidiaries acquired through M&As. Our global companies would obviously start realizing their potential once they have built their business around solutions, so I will be pushing this shift to koto-uri as a core strategy to develop our global sector into a major pillar of the group’s business.
R&D for our IDP business that we aim to commercialize as a new technology in FY 2019 is largely going as planned and we have started consumer trials. We’re excited about the enormous possibility this B2B2C business offers retailers and brands for greater engagement with consumers.
  We aim to step up growth to become a global solutions provider that contributes towards
a better and more sustainable world
Ryutaro Kotaki
President and CEO
FY 2018 performance (Sales and OI figures are compound annual growth rates)
Consolidated*
Against FY 2016
Sales
Operating income
Operating margin
(Millions of JPY)
+4.5% +12.2% 5.7% → 6.6%
Overseas
Against FY 2016 Sales
Operating income Operating margin (Millions of JPY)
+5.5% +16.5% 4.2 % → 5.2%
Japan
Against FY 2016 Sales
Operating income Operating margin (Millions of JPY)
+3.8% +23.6% 6.8 % → 9.6%
         106,302 113,383 116,179 7,679
6,249
38,926
42,585 43,316
67,283 70,482 72,435 6,982
6,104
(FY) 2016
2017
2018
1,650
(FY) 2016
1,865
2017
(FY) 2016
2017
2018
2,239
2018
5,831 4,571
   11
12
Sales
Operating income
Sales
Operating income
Sales
Operating income
* Includes the IDP business

Competitive advantage
We offer the best auto-ID solutions for fields of operation in a variety of industries, working off of our know-how in tagging information to things and people. Our strength in this business is none other than what we call genbaryoku. It consists of three elements: (1) The ability to integrate printers, consumables, technologies and services into optimal solutions based on our experience hearing out customers’ pain points directly at their site of operations;
(2) The ability to cover a wide span of markets, industries and applications with our solutions, powered by our accumulated knowledge of customer fields; (3) The ability to offer maintenance services conscientiously after installation to establish deep, lasting relationships with customers.
This genbaryoku — literally “on-site competency” — together with our R&D prowess to create unbeatable products and services shapes our solutions business, which, with our collaborative partnerships with system integrators, prove to be the ultimate differentiator and our competitive advantage.
From the President and CEO
   What we aim to be
The world today turns to IoT and AI to seek ways to solve societal challenges arising from more diverse supply chains, greater demand for safety, and mounting demographic concerns. This trend is an enormous opportunity for us to grow our business that provides auto-ID solutions to a wide range of fields including retail, manufacturing, food & beverage, logistics and health care.
It’s with this tailwind and our strategic positioning in “tagging* on site” that we would expand our business worldwide on “selling the solution” to become a global solutions provider that contributes to a better and more sustainable world while also priding ourselves as a quality manufacturer.
* The physical process of attaching identifier data to things and people. SATO is committed to tagging a diverse range of objects handled by different businesses, drawing upon a wealth of practical, technical know-how in auto-ID solutions backed by genbaryoku.
Riding the winds of change to be where we hope to be
 Differentiation
SATO as a “customer-centric” solutions provider
See from top down
Compe- tition
Compe- tition
Sees from top down
  System integrators*
Major providers of ERP, WMS, MES, etc.
System integrator- function
Competitor’s
solution service
Selling the product
     Our aim
A global solutions provider that contributes towards a better and more sustainable world
Win-win
Partnership
 solution service
Selling the solution, not the product (koto-uri)
    Tag information to things & people
   Unbeatable offerings
Exquisite products, services, devices & solutions
   Genbaryoku
•Integration •Fieldcoverage • Maintenance
  The world around us
Manufac- turing
    13
14
See Pages 7-8.
* Companies that provide comprehensive services on consulting, designing, developing and implementing IT systems and selecting hardware that comprises them.
Opportunities
Growth
Retail
Global solutions provider
Sustainable world
 Societal challenges
More diverse supply chains, greater demand for safety ...and more
 Technological innovations
IoT, AI, 5G, sensors, robotics
Health care
Tag information to things & people
Food & beverage
Public
Logistics
Sees from bottom up
Channel sales (via business partners)

Business is built on talent
Business can expand only with good talent, which is why we have been working to foster talent who can put our Credo into action. We instill our corporate values in employees worldwide with the help of promotional leaders selected from group companies around the world. It’s this groundwork that allows us to focus on our strategy to become a global provider of solutions that perfectly match operational issues of our customers and push koto-uri forward.
This focus on koto-uri specifically starts from reinforcing our service support teams that have actual contact with the customers. Sales teams would then be able to collaborate with them to access information on customers and their needs to derive more appealing solutions. And project leaders versed in
a particular industry would further the collaboration by sharing with global employees the latest case examples of new needs and solutions that have developed from market trends and law revisions.
Positions for such talents needed outside Japan will be filled by hiring mid-career professionals with proven track records, as well as by sending specialists with industry expertise to countries in need to transfer the know-how. We will also be hiring more engineers and staff at the local level.
Effective June 2019, we have downsized our board of directors from 11 members to eight. This change allows us to make decisions faster, while the higher proportion of external directors brings more objective insight into decisions and ensures more transparent governance.
As we believe that external directors are key to heightening effectiveness of the board, we are making efforts to enhance the support we provide them. An example is holding pre-working sessions prior to board meetings for executive officers and business segment leaders to update external directors on current business standings and answer their questions in advance. We also have a Business Risk Committee reporting directly to the board to discuss strategically important matters such as new investments and M&As, and to submit advice to the board so that external directors can make management decisions quickly and appropriately together with their board counterparts.
I feel that I have yet to fully convey the true essence of SATO’s unique business model to our stakeholders. The value we provide our customers — e.g., better productivity — is largely universal, so our business is highly resilient to risks stemming from surrounding changes. In fact, there’s a global variety of opportunities out there for us because our auto-ID solutions business is capable of adapting to megatrends around us to address the deeper, intricate needs of different markets, industries and applications. We have seized these opportunities in Japan to develop a diverse portfolio of profitable solutions; it’s now time for us to do the same beyond Japan, to expand our portfolio and heighten our business resilience even further.
Governance, the foundation for growth
To have our stakeholders better understand these and other unique strengths of SATO, I will seek to create more opportunities for dialogue and engagement with you going forward.
In closing, I must also add that, after formulating our basic policy on actions for sustainability last fiscal, we went on to identify material issues in our business management which may impact our value propositions to customers or environmental conservation. We have started applying such materiality priorities this fiscal, while aligning our sustainability efforts with the ten principles of the United Nations Global Compact.
Lastly, on dividend. Total dividend per share for FY 2018 was ¥70, up ¥5 from the previous fiscal. As we anticipate investment in our growth-potent global business this fiscal, we plan to keep the dividend increase modest for FY 2019 at ¥3 for a total ¥73 per share for the entire fiscal.
On behalf of the entire group, I ask for your unchanging support as SATO continues its quest for global, sustainable growth through its auto-ID solutions business.
Ryutaro Kotaki President and CEO
From the President and CEO
   More stakeholder dialogue, more engagement
  Greater engagement
 15
16

Sustainability framework
 The SATO Group’s Mission is to “contribute towards a better and more sustainable world,” which is why sustainability is inseparable from our business. In line with SDGs (Sustainable Development Goals) and other global agendas of growing interest and through materiality assessment, we have taken actions on our basic policy for sustainability, which was set forth in 2018 to clarify sustainability principles that matter most to our business and stakeholders.
Materiality map
Value to be delivered to customers
Groundworks to value creation
Environmental responsibility
   Basic policy for sustainability
1 2 3 4 5
Our concept of materiality
We identify our materiality agendas by their relevance to three areas: A. Value to be delivered to customers, as associated to our core business of auto-ID solutions, B. Groundworks to value creation, e.g., talent development
Materiality overview
Corporate governance, risk management
 Create value
Sustainability goes hand in hand with customer value creation and corporate value enhancement, which we consider the fundamentals of company management.
Keep to our business
We achieve sustainability through our business.
Make it duplicable
Our sustainability initiatives shall be duplicable over time or across the Group.
Align with the actual situation
The actual situation of our business operations shall reflect our ideas for sustainability.
Enhance disclosure
We shall disclose sustainability-related information to fulfill our accountability to stakeholders.
   and supply chain management, and C. Environmental responsibility. These areas stand on the basis of corporate governance and risk management.
Our process to identifying materiality
We started by forming a sustainability committee involving departments that manage the environmental, social and governance aspects of our business, as well as departments that are involved in investor relations, public relations or other forms of engagement with our stakeholders. This committee took charge of holding multiple discussions and workshops attended by the management team and members from our sales, R&D, production, product planning, and human
 A B C D
What we aim to offer through our core business to help customers cope with societal challenges What we undertake internally/externally to enable the continuous creation of customer value What we do to protect the global environment where we live and do business
Underlying foundation
resource development functions. After studying principles of the United Nations Global Compact, international guidelines, and a plethora of case studies, we were able to identify important issues that could affect our stakeholders and business to plot them into a materiality map. Going forward, we will work to review these material topics continuously by reaching out to a wide spectrum of stakeholders.
  17
18
D  Corporate governance, risk management
One of our sustainability workshops
Greenhouse gas emissions
Supply chain management
Stakeholder engagement
Diversity & inclusion
  Efficient use of resources Harmony with nature
Harmony with society
Human rights & labor practices
Productivity improvement Peace of mind
Waste reduction
Safety & quality assurance Product sustainability
          Talent development
   Health & safety at work Workstyle innovations
 High Influence on SATO’s business Very high
    A  Valuetobedeliveredtocustomers
B  Groundworks to value creation
C  Environmental responsibility
       Waste reduction
 Productivity improvement
 Peace of mind
 Product sustainability
 Safety & quality assurance
  Talent development
    Stakeholder engagement
   Workstyle innovations
   Human rights & labor practices
Diversity & inclusion
Supply chain management
Harmony with society
Health & safety at work
Greenhouse gas emissions
Efficient use of resources
Harmony with nature
 Very high
Importance to stakeholders

Sustainability framework
Delivering customer value
Value to be delivered to customers is a key priority in our material agendas that is closely linked to our core business of customer-centric auto-ID solutions. Our lineup of sustainable products and services can offer customers benefits that include minimizing environmental impact, saving labor and
Relevant SDGs
resources, and enjoying reassurance and continuous quality improvements.
  Product sustainability
Taking action to combat climate change and its impacts is an important agenda for not just SATO but our customers as well. We support customers in reducing their ecological footprint through product and material sustainability,
notably in how we provide labels without release liners or use paper materials from FSC® (Forest Stewardship Council) certified forests.
Waste reduction, productivity improvement and peace of mind
Our auto-ID solutions allow customers to collect data and automate their operations to visualize inventory and reduce waste. In addition to streamlining business processes and
Safety and quality assurance
At SATO, safety and quality are matters to consider at
the product/service planning stage as well as in the later phases of the supply chain (such as production, distribution, retail and maintenance). For example, when we include ‘ease of maintenance’ in our product idea at the planning stage, we essentially lighten the workload of maintenance staff and reduce unnecessary stoppages on site, improving the services we provide to our customers post-sales.
In addition, we pay attention to preventative maintenance and quick recovery from errors, as shown by SOS (SATO Online Services), our cloud-based printer fleet remote
optimizing supply chains, they also aim to improve the quality of food & beverage and health care operations to offer peace of mind to our customers and the consumers they serve.
maintenance support service. As SOS offers at-a-glance visibility of all connected printers and their status of operation/use, customers can use the service to manage their assets with similar ease.
We also monitor the performance of our products and services once they are launched, to investigate root causes and make prompt improvements when problems occur to enhance their safety and quality. We will also incorporate customer feedback by acting on requests and other data collected through surveys.
      NONSEPA®
Linerless labels
Linerless means less paper used at point of production and less CO2 emission at point of disposal, since no liner waste is left behind for incineration.
Linerless label
Label with liner
    19
20
Awarded the Carbon Footprint of Products (CFP) certification
NONSEPA® is the first product in the Japanese label industry to earn CFP certification. CFP is a program to display the carbon footprint of products (measured by greenhouse emissions generated during their life cycle and expressed in mass-based CO2 equivalents) on their packaging so as to raise environmental awareness and further reduce emissions.
         
 Sustainability framework
  Groundworks to value creation
Relevant SDGs
The SATO Group
Declaration of Diversity
SATO Group is committed to providing a working environment where all employees regardless of race, ethnicity, gender, nationality, culture, religion, educational background, disability or age are able to fully engage in open dialogue and active participation while recognizing and respecting each other’s unique attributes.
We believe this helps us create a diverse corporate culture that inspires the generation of new ideas. In line with our corporate spirit of Ceaseless Creativity, we will continue to refine our diversity activities in daily work as the core of our business strategy.
Our goal is to foster and promote diversity by giving every individual employee the opportunity to grow and excel professionally. This approach is key to delivering the best possible solutions to meet the diverse needs of our global customers. Diversity opens the door to productivity, competitiveness and sustainable growth.
 Our actions in-house in the areas of talent development, diversity/inclusion and health and productivity management, as well as outside the company in supply chain management and stakeholder engagement form the foundation on which we can continue to create value for our customers. We play our part in responsible procurement, working together with suppliers to
manage and optimize the supply chain. Regular, ongoing dialogues with stakeholders and their opinions allow us to keep improving our management operations and enhance value of the company.
Talent development, diversity and inclusion
We foster talents who demonstrate our core strengths of genbaryoku and corporate values. In 2019, we defined competencies required for each manager level that was immediately incorporated into our new 360 degree appraisal process. Corporate values are another requisite we try to instill around the world through workshops.
We also build and maintain a working environment that encourages individuals to respect one another and be
HR roadmap
self-starters. The resulting corporate culture, which breeds innovative ideas much in line with the company motto “Ceaseless Creativity,” embodies the notion of diversity and inclusion. Being one of the pioneers in Japan to raise our mandatory retirement age, we were recognized at the second Enjoy Aging Award in 2018 (organized by a local consortium for future society creation) for our efforts in fighting age discrimination.
Health and productivity management
To ensure good health and well-being of SATO employees at their workplaces, SATO Group promotes health and productivity management, with a chief wellness officer put in place. SATO encourages employees with metabolic syndrome to exercise regularly, and conducts surveys to measure employee satisfaction. Our efforts have won us Health and Productivity Stock recognition in 2017 and White 500 designation for three consecutive years from 2017 to 2019. SATO also started flexible working hours and telecommuting, along with a new key performance indicator of per capita operating income that measures productivity. This year, SATO announced new behavioral guidelines it
Stakeholder engagement
We maintain active dialogue with investors and other stakeholders, receiving valuable suggestions on how we could improve our management. Each year, we hold two financial results briefings for institutional investors and analysts, over 200 individual meetings with them, and briefing sessions and small meetings on a wide range of topics to facilitate direct conversations between stakeholders and our CEO, investor relations officers, business unit heads and external directors. These opportunities help us optimize company valuation and lower capital cost.
calls “The 3G actions for well-being”: 1) Greet with a smile, 2) maintain Good condition (physically and mentally), and 3) do a Great job (with high productivity).
    Aim
To make SATO full of talents who practice genbaryoku and its underlying SATO Values to create and deliver customer value that add to the growth of our business.
Recognitions
Health and Productivity Management 500 (White 500)
Diversity Management Selection 100
   Completed FY 2019 FY 2020 FY 2021 or later
          Conduct SATO Values workshops (Europe, North and South Americas, Asia, Oceania)
Formulate concept for talent management based on global grading
Install a globally standardized KPI management system (for heads of subsidiaries outside Japan)
Revise expatriate rules and processes
Pilot program to train overseas employees at Japan headquarters
Instill SATO Values
Strengthen talent management and governance Install a global grading system
    Define competencies (for heads of subsidiaries outside Japan)
 Conduct 360 degree feedback (for heads of subsidiaries outside Japan) e (for heads of subsidiaries outside Japan)
Prepare to start globally standardized manager trainings
Draw up plan for a global mobility policy Train local employees for a global career Draw up plan for global benefit management
Implement training programs for grade-specific competencies and for managers under new HR system Implement 360 degree feedback based on grade-specific competencies
Prepare to start succession plan
Prepare to start globally standardized manager trainings
SATO added to the SNAM Sustainability Index
We have been named to the SNAM Sustainability Index set by Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Asset Management Co., Ltd. (SNAM). The index is used for SNAM Sustainable Investment Fund, which is a socially responsible investment product for pension trusts and institutional investors that invest in a broad range of companies (approx. 300) rated highly for their environment, social and governance (ESG) practices.
Briefing sessions and small meetings
 Establish compensation setting process (for heads of subsidiaries outside Japan)
Prepare to start a globally standardized compensation schem
   Prepare to start talent management
Prepare to start succession plan
Stipulate new expatriate rules
Implement new expatriate process and management
Invest in koto-uri talents, starting with Asia
Implement English proficiency program for local employees
                    Design new HR system for managers
Establish competency framework
Devise strategy to motivate mature employees
Define workstyle guidelines by department
Introduce talent management tool
Seek interested candidates for overseas job
Promote the use of English
Install new HR system for managers Install competency framework
    Enhance talent and career development programs Prepare to start talent management
Apply Big Data analytics to talent management Verify effectiveness of workstyle innovation
Earnings briefing
Briefing for individual investors
    Run results-oriented work practices
 Prepare to start new workstyle for reorganized headquarter structure Run diversity and inclusion initiatives (e.g., focal measures for long-serving and female employees; committee for increased job satisfaction)
  Develop koto-uri talents outside Japan, especially in Asia
Implement English proficiency programs based on department-specific goals
   21
22
 Worldwide Japan

Sustainability framework
  Being environmentally responsible
We recognize environmental protection as a priority common to humankind, as well as an essential factor to sustaining our business. Our environmental policy guides us towards reducing environmental impact, providing greener products and services, and running our business in harmony with
the environment.
Relevant SDGs
 Greenhouse gas emissions
Reducing CO2 emissions is essential to tackling global warming and making our society sustainable. We understand that we are responsible for the environment, and work to monitor the carbon footprint of our business and promote tangible initiatives to stop global warming.
Medium- to long-term targets and progress
Referring to the medium-term target specified for Japan in the Paris Agreement*, we have set the following goals in reducing environmental impact of our business activities.
* International agreement to combat climate change, adopted at COP21 on December 12, 2015.
Cut by 26% Cut by 26%
should take actions to realize a sustainable, decarbonized society, with a sense of urgency.
Through our participation in this partnership, we are now looking at installing power generators for self consumption.
Whenever a customer switches to a new printer, we collect the old printer at no cost to disassemble it and recover the components or metals (iron, copper, brass, stainless steel, aluminum, rubber, PCB, wires, waste plastics, etc.) for reuse through recyclers. This has become
our standard operation since 2007. In FY 2018, we recycled 38 percent more printers than we did the previous year. To further increase recycle rates, we have started taking actions since July 2019 to set up a customer support framework for printer collection and streamline in-house processes via the CRM system.
Collecting and recycling printers
   Send
Printer collection
Customers
Sales offices, support centers East Japan Maintenance Center
Metals, motors, rubber, plastic, PCB, etc.
• Material recycling • Conversion to RPF*
Printer collection
Dismantle & sort
             Action items
Target contributions
Key indicators
FY 2018 results
FY 2019 targets
FY 2020 targets
             Reduce environmental impact of our business activities
Japan Overseas
* Refuse Paper & Plastic Fuel (solid fuel produced from waste).
Reduce Scope 1 & Scope 2 CO2 emissions
CO2 emitted, compared with FY 2013 (t-CO2)
Down 8.0%
Cut by 10%
Cut by 15%
       Reduce Scope 1 & Scope 2 CO2 emissions
(Key production plants)
CO2 emitted, compared with FY 2015 (t-CO2)
Up 15.6%
Cut by 6%
Cut by 10%
Recycling room
Harmony with nature
Parts sorted by material
         23
24
In 2018, SATO joined Japan Climate Leaders’ Partnership (JCLP) as a supporting member to promote renewable energy. JCLP is a group of Japanese companies sharing the common understanding that the industrial sector
Efficient use of resources
In order to realize a sustainable society, we must transform from a linear to a circular economy, in which resources are processed properly and circulated. As a manufacturer, we make it our responsibility to put in efforts for a circular economy.
One of our core businesses is consumables, which uses wood pulp to produce its main product line of labels. This is why we work to protect nature at a global scale in order to conserve biodiversity and restore the environment.
Since March 2014, SATO has been participating in the Forest of Companies project that the Tokyo Development Foundation for Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries promotes as part of its Pollenless Forestation* campaign. We sponsor pockets of forest land in the Tokyo cities of Ome (since 2014) and Akiruno (since 2019), naming these sites “Forests of Ceaseless Creativity” and managing them in our action to protect the forest ecosystem and its water sources. SATO was certified a contributor to the Tokyo
forestation program in October 2016.
We will continue to develop eco-friendly businesses and
take part in forestation programs to enhance environmental awareness in our employees.
* Campaign to replace cedar and
cypress plantations to a new variety
of these trees that release less pol-
len (1/100 of the existing variety). It aims to reduce airborne pollen that causes allergic reactions, while regenerating forests, stabilizing wood supply and revi- talizing the forestry industry.
FY 2030 targets
     
 25
* ERP: Enterprise Resource Planning
WMS: Warehouse Management System
MES: Manufacturing Execution System 26
Our business model
Auto-ID solutions business
DCS & Labeling +One
The world around us
Core IT systems
Tag information
Combination of mutual strengths
(e.g., ERP, WMS, MES*)
to things & people
DCS & Labeling +One is SATO’s business model of delivering unbeatable offerings we develop in-house or through external alliances together with third-party products in the form of solutions, to tag identifier information to things and people so that core IT systems can process the data. Technological innovations and universal challenges faced by our customers are our driving force to building a lineup of solutions that can work for different industries. At the heart of this all is the genbaryoku of our employees who visit each customer site to understand the operation and its challenges before coming up with a solution. We will continue to solve challenges of the times with DCS & Labeling +One.
Productivity
Sustainability
Safety and peace of mind
Compliance with regulations
Expenses
Staffing
3cm
Technological innovations
IoT
Sensors
AI 5G
Robotics
Alliances
SATO’s products/ services
Third-party products
Generation of new businesses
Consultation
25c
Specialized devices
Integration Field coverage Maintenance
Logistics
Universal challenges
Printers
Consumables
Software
Technical support
Markets, industries, applications
Retail
Manufacturing
General purpose peripherals
Genbaryoku
Food & beverage
Public
00.0g
Customer-centric solutions Unbeatable offerings
Our value creation
Ensure accuracy
Save labor
Save resources
Offer reassurance
Achieve sustainability
Build emotional connections
Health care

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Our wide coverage of markets, industries and applications
At SATO, we consider each market a global collective of different industries. For example, the food & beverage market can be broken down into production, foodservice and many other industries. Each market features a set of challenges which vary from industry to industry, and we work to address them with optimized solutions that we build based on the industry-specific knowledge and expertise we have accumulated over the years.
Wide coverage across
market segment, industry and solution application
      Mass retailers
Mail order merchants
Apparel stores
Drugstores
Warehousing
Transportation
E-commerce
3PL
Municipal
Law enforcement
Postal
Retail
Manufacturing
Automotive Building & Iron & steel housing
Chemical Electrical equipment
35.2%
Food & beverage
Food Fast food Hotels manufacturers restaurants
Restaurants Beverage manufacturers
10.0%
Logistics
Public
Leisure
Health care
Pharmaceuticals Blood Medical bags equipment
Hospitals Pharmacies
12.2%
* Underlined figures denote respective share in SATO sales, Japan (FY 2018)
12.6%
26.1%
3.9%
Education
   Examples of solutions for food manufacturers Our solutions can be used to automate operations and improve
data efficiency in all processes ranging from incoming inspection to inventory management.
Automation
Enable labeling flexibility to meet different needs
Improve accuracy and speed in packing and labeling goods for shipment
Food labeling
Support multiple languages in printing/applying labels for imports/exports
Food labeling
Print food labels
HACCP compliance
Manage health and hygiene conditions of food handlers
Traceability
Weigh and batch ingredients
Traceability
Check mix of ingredients
     Food labeling
PriPnrtinlatblaeblseflosrfoimr pimoprtosr/tesx/pexoprtosrts
Food labeling
HACCP compliance
InsIpnsepcet cintcinocmoinmgingogoodosds
HACCP compliance
Traceability
Receive ingredients Receive ingredients
Traceability
                          Automation
Pack shipments Apply shipping labels
   Traceability
Control inventory
          HACCP compliance
Manage data on the cloud Support multiple languages Perform checks on workflows in a timely manner
Receive alert notifications Connect with critical process instruments
Traceability
Manage receiving, location transfer and inventory operations
Control production operations including weighing and mixing
of ingredients
Manage shipping operations Track and trace shipments
HACCP compliance
Control temperature of fridges/freezers
HACCP compliance
Log core temperature of cooked food
HACCP compliance
Check for food contamination
Automation
Print food and date labels
    27
28
See Page 39.
Log hygiene status of premises
HACCP compliance

 Created from the customer, for the customer
  We visit customer sites across different industries, and use what we discover, observe and learn there to invent new products and services. As a manufacturer, we pay attention to the details of our product designs and enforce strict quality control across our R&D, production and inspection processes. As a solutions provider, we make sure our solutions are tested repeatedly on site before delivering them to our customers.
   Our products and services
The ‘SATO Blue’ indicator
An indicator bar that illuminates blue or red to show operational status; now sported on display panels of all SATO printer products as part of our image branding.
  For every distinct need
Consumables
We have produced consumables for as long as we have printers, caring about each and every label we provide customers. Our know-how helps us develop new base materials and apply more efficient finishing techniques to come up with products that best meet needs. With demand growing for RFID in recent years, we now perform inlay design, tag/label conversion and quality inspection, all in our very own plant to produce custom RFID consumables better tailored to customers’ operating environments.
Heat-resistant labels
Video
      Custom RFID tags/labels
 Solve problems on site
Solution services
    Minimize downtime to speed business Printers
With product technology accumulated over 30-plus years, SATO designs and develops printers to perform universally. They operate easily, print in multiple languages, connect to various interfaces, and minimize downtime for sites of operation when used together with our IoT-based service that monitors printers 24/7 via the cloud.
Our Visual Warehouse* solution navigates workers and forklift operators within a logistics warehouse in the shortest possible route using indoor locating technology. The @Form paperless solution controls quality, documentation and traceability in food production with the growing mandate for HACCP compliance. These customer-centric solutions we invent allow businesses to better deal with staffing shortages, productivity limits, food safety concerns, and other challenges in our rapidly changing world.
* Visual Warehouse is a trademark or a registered trademark of SATO Holdings Corporation in Japan and other countries.
Video
      Printer lineup for diverse business scenarios
Label design software
Cloud-based data management application
CL4NX
Location tracking solution for greater warehousing efficiency
To support day-to-day operations
Software
We help customers efficiently print and manage the label/tag data they generate in their daily operations by developing and offering software that can be used to create layouts and centrally maintain print data across multiple locations.
       PW208NX
Mobile printer optimized for delivery, warehousing and other operations that require on-the-go printing
NEW
CT4-LX
Compact printer due to be released outside Japan starting January 2020
LR4NX-FA
Auto labeler engineered to fit into existing production lines in different setup orientations for accurate label application
FX3-LX
Touch screen printer with Android OS that can run
a variety of apps to support work environments
Providing field knowledge and expertise
Consultation
  29
30
Compatible with SOS*, our cloud-based IoT service that ensures stable operation of printers through preventative maintenance
* SATO Online Services
Service to design and print packaging that helps sell the product
Our field knowledge and expertise on auto-ID technologies and business processes can prove to be valuable advice for customers. It can improve on-site operations. It can boost sales of a product by renewing its package design based on proper market research and strategies. These are more ways in which we contribute towards a better and more sustainable world than by simply selling the products we produce.

  Overseas
   “Selling the solution, not the product” (koto-uri) globally
  Outside Japan, we benefitted from the growth in our base business of printers and consumables to record highest-ever revenue and higher year-on-year sales and profits in FY 2018. We will focus on instilling the koto-uri approach thoroughly and invest strategically in priority countries and talent development to further step up growth of our global business.
     Actions for sustainable business growth
    Sales and operating income
(Millions of JPY)
Build the foundation to “selling the solution” and drive growth
FY 2019–2021
Medium-term management plan
3-year CAGR
86,000
12.3 %
FY 2018 recap
In the past fiscal, we achieved new record-high in revenue and increased both sales and operating income from a year ago as Asia kept up its strong performance and Europe won deals substantial in size. We did not, however, meet the target figures we planned at the beginning of the term as our China-related businesses slowed down due to USA–China trade tensions and our consumables products suffered from the soaring cost of paper materials. The fact that our overseas group companies are taking longer than expected to fully take up the koto-uri model to capitalize on business opportunities around us also contributed towards this shortfall.
That said, we have definitely made progress with our koto-uri strategy in FY 2018 to initiate more business talks with large corporations at a speed that would have been unthinkable in the past. This was possible because of the systems/infrastructures we put in place that generated new sales leads and fostered greater collaboration among
Hayato Shindo
Executive Officer
President, SATO International Co., Ltd.
group companies. We also created various opportunities for employees worldwide to learn about SATO’s core competence in genbaryoku and develop their awareness of koto-uri.
Having large, global corporations as customers would increase our business presence around the world. We will build on the talks developed in the past year to convert them into actual sales in FY 2019 and propel ourselves towards expanding sales and securing the trust of potential alliance partners.
One of the markets we see growth potential in is food. Food safety lapses (e.g., lack of allergen indication on labels) are driving demand for better food labeling as standards become stricter worldwide. This creates favorable environment for us, particularly in Asia and developing economies where improvements in quality of life are accompanied by higher expectations of safety.
4-year CAGR
  7.6 %
10,000
    43,316
2,239
54,000
4,700
 10-year CAGR
7.5 %
   20,978
(FY) 2008
2018 2019 2020 2021 Planned
2025
  31
32
Sales 
Operating income
-1,801
 
 33
34
Identify priority countries and invest strategically
Target countries, areas, and industries of high potential, and execute strategies and investments with speed
Key strategies
Seeing how the shift from selling the product to selling the solution has proved fruitful for our business in Japan, we are planning to make the same transition outside Japan over the next three years. This will be by no means easy, but we cannot afford to stick to the status quo either, as it would only land us in price wars, make us vulnerable to changes in our business environment and limit our growth. Now that megatrends are creating positive tailwind for our business, we must waste no time in driving our strategy for strengthening koto-uri to sell combinations of products and services to customers based on their specific needs.
For this strategy to succeed, it is important that we target and invest our resources effectively in countries with promising growth prospects. I see tremendous business potential in the emerging nations in Asia with rapidly growing economies. This is because as their GDP increases, their standards of living improve, leading to greater needs for labor saving and food safety, which are closely relevant to our auto-ID solutions business. We will be focusing on India and Vietnam as our top priority countries in Asia, given their strong affinity with the SATO group business. Outside Asia, we have set the US as top priority on account of its enormous market size.
In the case of India and Vietnam, the needs for our solutions center primarily on the manufacturing industry where measures for improving product traceability and production control are gaining traction. India, in particular, has an abundance of IT engineers in the country that allows us to find the best partners to work with in developing software that goes into our solutions. The country is also home to many pharmaceutical companies that manufacture and export generic drugs, pointing to demand for quality product labeling. To capture all these opportunities and scale up our business, we will be looking to invest in building a new consumables production facility, partnering with local companies, and acquiring the necessary professional talents.
The US economy may not be growing as fast as India or Vietnam, but it boasts a titanic market size that keeps the country atop the world’s GDP rankings. As headquarters of many global corporate giants are here, we will work to offer more compelling propositions to these decision makers by expanding our local sales function and applying the strengths of our worldwide network that spans 27 countries/regions. We will also be looking out for M&As and new alliances while setting up more places from which to supply consumables.
1. Optimize workforce and operations in focal areas
2. Laygroundworkstosupplyingproducts,services
and solutions
3. Developsalescollateralsandfunctionstosupport koto-uri
Selling the product
Overseas
Selling the solution
Next stage in solutions
Japan
Next level
Top priority*
India, Vietnam, US
Move to selling solutions at the next level
Koto-uri in 3 years
High priority
China, Thailand, Indonesia, Russia, The Philippines
Other countries/regions with SATO offices
Argentina, Brazil, Germany, France, Italy, The Netherlands, Poland, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, UK, South Korea, Malaysia, Singapore, Taiwan, Australia, New Zealand, Mexico
* Determined based on macro data and considerations such as business affinity with SATO and supply chain maturity levels
Complete the transition
Do in 3 years what took 20 years in Japan
Actions for sustainable business growth — Overseas
4. Strengthen global alliances
5. EstablishCRM(customerrelationshipmanagement)
Countries/regions we will focus on
system and other sales infrastructure Invest

 35
36
Establish infrastructure to support koto-uri
SATO’s strengths lie in capturing the intricate needs of business sites through close communication with customers to create exquisite products and services that we propose in the form of unique solutions. A lot of the know-how behind this capability is retained in each salesperson as tacit knowledge that is difficult to transfer to others, which, together with the inadequate understanding of each country/industry, was our biggest obstacle to expanding koto-uri as planned. We established a new global marketing function this year that would better connect the overseas companies with our Japan head office. This function aims to consolidate expertise and experience accumulated in Japan into a sales playbook of successful selling methodologies/stories and sales collaterals sorted by industry and shared with the global group.
Build a “winning formula” using sales collaterals
Consolidate and sort
sales expertise and experience by industry
The CRM system that is already driving koto-uri sales in Japan as a shared database for customer details has been installed in the US as well as Europe. We will be introducing the system to Asia in the second half of this fiscal, with plans to get it running at full scale globally from FY 2020. Besides managing interactions with each customer, we plan to use the system to analyze data and gain insights into the strategic actions we can take towards closing deals more successfully.
We are also looking into restructuring our group organization to integrate our Japan and overseas headquarter functions for stronger group-wide collaboration.
Share sales information globally through CRM system
CRM
Customers  Markets  Leads Industries  Servicing  Actuals
Maximizing our knowledge and know-how for breakthrough growth
Go all out to develop global alliances and talents
Create solution services
for each industry
NEW
Customer feedback
Retail
Manufacturing
Food & beverage
Confidence in our growth potential, even amid external changes
Logistics
Health care
Success stories Sales collaterals
Share and use
globally
I have been involved in our Overseas business for the past 15 years, and never a time have I felt as confident and hopeful in our future growth as now. A lot of my positivity stems from the team spirit I see in our members who, with a clear picture of their respective missions, are now capable of working seamlessly with colleagues handling the Japan business.
While uncertainties loom increasingly over the world economy and geopolitical risks heighten ahead, any impact from such external changes will be offset across our business, since the solutions we offer are used in diverse markets and industries to solve structural and universal challenges. Even if a recession sets in, we will still see
opportunities from businesses that are bound to resort to cutting cost, saving labor, and improving productivity in order to cope with the economic decline.
Today, customer needs are changing dramatically as digital transformation continues to make advancements and pick up speed. We can ride this trend by driving koto-uri globally to develop a robust business base, and applying our success in Japan towards tailoring solutions that adapt to surrounding changes and best suit a particular country or industry. Now is the time for us to go with the winds of change, and maximize our knowledge and know-how built up over the years so as to achieve breakthrough growth in our Overseas business.
Global alliances are crucial to growing our Overseas business. While we have been building alliances primarily with companies that complement what we do as a business, we hope to be able to pursue more progressive partnerships in the future to create new values that play to our mutual strengths and field coverage. Genbaryoku is one of SATO’s most powerful strengths and the reason why many alliance partners choose to work with us. Going forward, we will focus on uncovering new alliances that would open the doors to business with more global
corporations as well as on forming alliances with companies with strong presence in specific regions to better identify and address needs of customers at the local level.
In addition, we will foster and mobilize professional talents outside Japan. We plan to revise the HR system to allow outstanding personnel at any group company to perform on a bigger stage beyond their own country. We will also send employees who are experts at “selling the solution” to conduct trainings in different countries to improve sales skills locally.
Actions for sustainable business growth — Overseas

 Japan
 “Selling the solution” more honed and advanced
  With external circumstances working to our favor and effects from launching new, strategic products and putting our CRM system into full use proving positive, we recorded our highest- ever sales and operating income for FY 2018. We will continue to lead the group in “selling the solution,” taking our offerings to the next level by deepening ties with our Area Alliance Partners (AAP) and assigning solution experts throughout each region and industry.
     Actions for sustainable business growth
       Sales and operating income
(Millions of JPY)
“Selling the solution” at a higher level to improve profitability
FY 2019–2021
Medium-term management plan
84,000 9,000
Hiroyuki Konuma
Vice President
President, SATO Corporation
FY 2018 recap
After recording highest-ever sales and operating income for FY 2018, our operating income CAGR over the past three years now averages high at 24 percent. Demand for automation and work efficiency solutions to heighten productivity remains strong; the growing public awareness to innovate workstyles has made its way into the minds of corporate managers when they make business decisions, and served as a tailwind for SATO. We have also taken
Strategy for FY 2019
Sustainable growth of our Japan business requires that we train and appropriately assign solution experts with immediacy. While we have successfully trained industry experts since setting up a divisional system 10 years ago, we need to respond to more complex customer needs than ever and train highly specialized talents with greater speed, which is why we are training our people at consulting firms and business partners. And by allocating these specialized solution experts to the right regions and industries that we target, we will strengthen our regional offices as well.
As our solutions would need to become more segmented to meet the diverse needs of our customers, we will be developing deeper relationships with our Area Alliance Partners (AAP) to expand our local share per region and industry. Partners will be selected based on their customer engagement and competitiveness in the target region or industry, and on their understanding of our auto-ID solutions and business model, which is particularly
advantage of opportunities to replace customer printers, suggesting new use cases based on new printer features to increase sales volume. This rise in sales, together with our efforts to streamline production with a standardized platform, develop easy-maintenance products, and couple services with products to “sell the solution,” has led to better profitability.
We are also starting to see our CRM system play its part as sales infrastructure. As a center of customer information in profile (e.g., when products will need replacement) and from customer touchpoints (e.g., our Support Centers), it helps us run strategic sales operations that are highly geared for success.
a requisite. In order to have our AAPs accurately convey the value that SATO provides customers, we will maintain close communication with them, while hosting events such as workshops to facilitate greater collaboration.
I believe SATO’s strength is in its corporate culture that readily embraces changes to adapt to external situations. Such agility in keeping pace with the ever-changing market can only be achieved because we stand firm on our corporate values. In our quest to become a global solutions provider, SATO Values will come to play a crucial role as the universal language for collaboration across our global workforce. And it is on this basis that we will pioneer in the dynamic technological innovations taking place around us to improve customer value, which we offer as the core of our business. We will continue to hone our solutions through the solid customer base we have developed over the years, and lead the group-wide drive to “sell the solution, not the product.”
 66,067
3,847
Operating margin
5.8 %
72,435 6,982
Operating margin
9.6 %
77,500
7,800
 Operating margin
Over10%
Planned
   37
38
(FY) 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021
2025
 Sales 
Operating income
 
                                                                                                                     Latest in solutions
Food safety
using a cloud system to support HACCP compliance
Latest in alliances
Innovating the pharmaceutical supply chain using RFID
  HACCP is an internationally recognized approach for managing food safety that is a matter of growing interest among food business operators in Japan since 2018, when the Food Sanitation Act was revised to make its implementation mandatory. Many food manufacturers and restaurants in the country now face challenges in meeting regulatory requirements to apply HACCP procedures to their operations and set up a means of logging and storing data of the procedures taken.
SATO’s cloud system helps businesses comply with HACCP while offering compatibility with multiple operating systems/devices, convenience of centrally managing fridge/ freezer temperatures, and expandability for additional installations across their organizations. It can also be linked to existing functions and adapted to different operational rules, fulfilling practical “wants” (e.g., go paperless, collect/use data efficiently) and providing a solution even for businesses already running a HACCP system. We are eying to take the system to the global stage to support food safety worldwide.
Generate alerts
Maintain master data, check dashboard
Development ongoing with partners
SATO Healthcare Co., Ltd. and four other companies have launched a joint project to apply RFID throughout the entire pharmaceutical supply chain from drug/material manufacturers and logistics providers to hospitals, pharmacies and consumers/patients. This project aims to raise efficiency in inventory control and related work, ensure accurate traceability, and contribute towards delivering safe and reassuring medical services with an eye on the future
of telemedicine.
Pharmaceutical work — e.g., inventory control and
prescription checks — requires precision even with a shrinking workforce, which is why the industry today has a growing need to save labor. It also needs traceability over the entire supply
Value creation seen at each stage of the supply chain
chain to counter drug counterfeiting, and infrastructure capable of delivering the right medicine directly to the right user or tracking medication adherence in support of teleconsultation and telepharmacy practices, which the future of an aging population and labor-short medical services would come to need. Member companies of the project are currently working to equip RFID tags not only to medicine bottles and bags to track their use, but also to hard capsules to track their ingestion via electrochemical reaction with gastric acid. This solution named Tag 4 Link was showcased as a concept at each member company’s booth at the 21st Interphex Japan exhibition held on July 2019, and we aim to finalize the technology within the year to commercialize it in 2020.
The system at Aeon Retail
Health status data
Suppliers
RFID embedded in capsules, bottles, and other raw/packaging materials
Manufacturers
RFID embedded in materials/labels of product packages & shipping cartons after data validation
Logistics centers/ wholesalers
RFID reader gate streamlines receiving/shipping
Cartons opened; items repackaged
RFID for end-to-end visibility
Pharmacies, hospitals
Accurate three-point verification
Efficient inventory control Accurate prescription
Users
Sensor collects current from making contact with gastric acid to communicate with receiver and transmit message to smartphone Greater medication adherence with ease
       Check worker’s health
SATO’s cloud system for HACCP compliance
Administrator
       Temperature Temperature data data
Link with temperature control data from cloud databases
of fridge/freezer makers
e.g., retailer settings & actuals
Data from 400stores
     Take core temperature of food
Monitor fridge/freezer temperature
     Serial number
Use-by date Drug information
Receiving/shipping information
Prescription/administration information
Medication history
    From the customer
We’ve always had rules to managing hygiene, as every Aeon store must offer food at the same level of safety and hygiene. With HACCP compliance now mandatory, we needed to keep records consistently and accurately. We used to hand-write our logs, which took more worker-hours the more we tried to raise their accuracy, while the process of reading temperature several times a day from display cases that are formatted differently depending on their manufacturers was a big hassle. That led us to this cloud solution, which uses a tablet PC to record data, syncs automatically with temperature logs of display case manufacturers, and even keeps track of workers’ health conditions. Not only has it made record keeping easier and more accurate, it is expected to cut monthly workload at
our megastores by 122 hours. We count on SATO to further support us in our efforts to continue delivering services and products that satisfy our customers.
Satoshi Kawamoto
General Manager, Store Operations Dept., Aeon Retail Co., Ltd.
From our alliance partner
Tag 4 Link is a solution that uses RFID to connect information across pharmaceutical supply chain fields involving suppliers/ manufacturers, wholesalers/distributors, hospitals/pharmacies and users. It aims to establish an efficient and secure track & trace system to replace serialization that relies on barcodes to assign serial numbers to each and every item.
Bringing this solution to market and mainstream use requires that participating companies form a strong alliance, in which SATO Healthcare plays a particularly vital role with its wealth of experience working with logistics centers and hospitals.
Our company hopes to play its part with pharmaceutical manufacturers, taking our success of having installed our barcode verifier (RSC-1000) to the industry to integrate the
new solution system into production lines with minimal cost and impact on existing equipment.
The alliance will strive to work off of its field expertise to offer customers a quality RFID solution that meets their needs and operations.
Makoto Shibasaki
Executive Director, Senior Manager of Division 2, MicroTechnica Co., Ltd.
    39 40

Taking new challenges
 SATO IoE* solutions Shifting to a B2B2C mindset
Businesses in the field of consumer goods are seeing their mass marketing tactics proving less effective on consumers amid the growing demand for personalization. While we are a B2B company, our end users are consumers, and that is why we have launched a project to conceive B2B2C businesses that offer consumer- centric solutions. The next generation of IoT — often dubbed IoE — opens up vast opportunities for our tagging technologies to play their part. One to note is
sensor tags that work without batteries. This tag when attached to a household product (e.g., a bottle of shampoo) can give the manufacturer direct access to market data that only retailers were previously able to collect, allowing production to better meet consumption trends to cut lead times and losses from expired or leftover inventory. We have entered talks with our alliance partners in system integration and communication infrastructure to stage such innovation to the supply chain.
  * Internet of Everything: Coined by Cisco Systems in 2012 as an advanced state of IoT in which all things and people are connected to the internet.
   Example
A battery-free sensor tag attached to a shampoo bottle would transmit data to the cloud to create new value in connection with Big Data and AI.
Typical solution providers offer “connectable” systems
    SATO’s IoE solutions
Tag information to everything
Benefits for manufacturers, plants
Track inventory Produce efficiently Collect consumer information Take marketing deeper Run one-to-one promotions
   Auto-ID
Identifies everything e.g., shampoo
Auto-sensing
Detects the state of something e.g., location; amount left
    Data used with Big Data/AI
SATO offers
solutions “to connect”
   Battery-free sensor tag
Manufacturers
Plants
Warehouses
Retailers
Consumers
Benefits for warehouses, retailers
Manage stock at item level in real time Reduce loss; save labor with automation
Benefits for consumers
Know when to replenish
Find out stock availability and price Receive quality service
Background photo
SATO’s booth at Retailtech Japan 2019. We gave visitors a hands-on tour on what next-generation RFID can bring in 2021.
The tour featured technologies to provide shoppers recommendations from their preferences/behavior data , support real-time stocktaking and automate checkouts .
    41
42
 
From the CFO
 Build a strong business base to optimize group management
Acting on the medium-term management plan
 (2)
When it comes to business activities, I take steps to ensure that business strategies for achieving the medium-term management plan are thoroughly executed, monitoring such progress appropriately. Whenever necessary, I support and advise SATO group companies individually to help drive our business overall.
For investment projects, careful thought will go into their objectives — be it increasing profitability of existing businesses based on strategies in the medium-term plan, or creating new businesses to contribute to future profitability — before executing them with prudence and speed. To manage risks of these investments, we set up a Business Risk Committee under the board of directors in FY 2018. Headed by myself, this advisory committee engages its professional perspectives in thoroughly analyzing and assessing projects for justification, business plan feasibility, and return on investment (in connection with cost of capital), with considerations to potential risks and mitigation measures. The committee’s findings will be used by the board to substantiate discussions and essentially complement decision making for investments. After investments are decided, they will also be monitored with greater care in their implementation.
As our overseas operations grow, we are expanding the SATO Group beyond our existing businesses in labels and solutions. Having a wide range of companies with diverse regional characteristics, legal systems and rules requires that we take a multifaceted approach to manage and operate them in an integrated and effective manner. To such ends, we have selected members from different functions/companies to establish a new Governance Committee this fiscal that reports to me. This committee will use SATO’s corporate values as its basis to work on improving management efficiency and maintaining reliability/transparency of group companies outside Japan, whilealsodevelopinganddrivingstrategiesfor strengthening such governance. It seeks to provide overseas companies with training/support in business management, get them familiarized with operational rules, put in place systems to visualize their financial and non- financial information, and build up a framework to better monitor them.
In SATO Group’s FY 2019–2021 medium-term plan, we have renewed our dedication to concentrate resources on our core business in auto-ID solutions and further establish sustainable growth and stable profits. Based on this policy, we will strive to not only develop a stable financial base, but also optimize our group management through various investments (such as developing global talents, optimizing overall production framework and individual production sites, undertaking R&D to create innovations that would serve as future profit drivers on top of our core business, and building infrastructure for business management) so as to achieve operational excellence and ultimately maximize our enterprise value.
Improving capital efficiency
We recognize ROE as one of the key benchmarks for capital efficiency, which is why we will make every effort to improve our ROE to reach the 12 percent target we have set for FY 2021.
We will continue to use the roadmap we have drafted to let our markets and frontline employees know about our goals
Roadmap to higher capital efficiency (through to FY 2021)
Having employees understand and relate to our pursuit for operational excellence is important. We will shift employee mindsets and help the organization live these actions to better position ourselves for improving profitability/efficiency and securing a competitive advantage in our business activities. At the same time, we will take a more systematic approach to ESG issues to sustain our value creation in line with the rising expectations of our stakeholders. We believe these efforts will help us achieve operational excellence to solidify our operations for a more sustainable SATO.
and plans. Meeting the ROE goal of 12 percent to bring our target equity spread to 4 percent (with cost of shareholders’ equity estimated at 8 percent) is the level we deem necessary for sustaining growth of our global businesses while remaining financially sound. We will aim to achieve this ratio as soon as
  Yoichi Abe
Director, Vice President and CFO
My mission as CFO
SATO is driving its medium-term management plan at the group level, setting its sights on building a revenue base to power sustainable business growth amid globalization. As CFO, I feel I must firmly support our Overseas and IDP businesses, which hold promise of generating substantial growth, but are also subject to greater risk and uncertainty. Group-wide corporate governance, including internal controls and compliance, is also an area that we must strengthen with greater importance than ever. I will work to create a stronger business base comprehensively geared to striking a balance between fiscal management and strategic investment so as to maximize our enterprise value.
My role is largely to provide financial advice to the CEO and other members of the management team in terms of (1) aiding strategic decision making, (2) supporting business activities, and (3) establishing business base and governance framework for global expansion.
(1) Whenmakingstrategicdecisions,themanagementteam
needs to factor in ROE and capital costs, which are necessary to ensure stable and continuous profitability. In that regard, my role involves lending support by offering various forms of financial information and advice related to demand forecasting, risk analysis and assessment of potential synergies.
(3)
     Further strengthen/expand solutions business with focus on target markets
 Launch & market strategic printer models
 Strengthen global alliances
 Strengthen synergies with primary labels business
Achieve consolidated OI% target
9.5% (6.6%)
Overseas
Grow business and GP
(gross profit) %
     ROE
12.0% (6.9%)
Improve group SCM (Regulate inventory levels)
   Further evolve/expand business through new solutions businesses and stronger alliances
 Launch & market strategic printer models
 Reduce manufacturing costs
Equity spread =4%
Net profit margin 5.9% (3.2%)
Total asset turnover 1.1 (1.1)
Financial leverage 1.8(1.9)
OI%
8.7% (5.2%)
OI%
10.1% (9.6%)
Japan
Increase GP% 50.8% (49.7%)
   Optimize capital structure
 Manage SG&A expenses efficiently
 Improve work productivity & streamline administrative operations
  Commercialize IDP technology
 Commercialize IDP solutions worldwide for target markets
  43
44
Figures in parentheses denote FY 2018 actuals Cost of shareholders’ equity estimated at 8%
*Aiming to break even from current ¥1.4 billion operating loss as early as FY 2020
Increase dividends consistently & buy back stock
IDP*
Develop & commercialize technology

possible and further improve it over the long term.
Of the four building blocks outlined in our roadmap, we
place top priority on increasing consolidated operating income ratio. This would require us to improve profit margin (over revenue) of our auto-ID solutions business in Japan by enriching the problem-solving offerings we put together for customers. In the case of our auto-ID solutions business overseas where immense growth is anticipated considering the number of markets we are yet to tap, we will concentrate business resources on select target countries/markets that match our expectations for both sales growth and profitability.
As total asset turnover ratio is used for calculating ROE, it is important we raise that as well, using business assets
efficiently and managing our balance sheet properly (such as by accelerating accounts receivables and reducing inventory). While our emphasis is on profit margin and asset turnover,
we will also look at using more financial leverage to increase our ROE if so required.
With this roadmap, we hope to create in employees the understanding and awareness that their day-to-day activities are directly linked to how the company generates cash.
Our current medium-term plan maintains the policy to strike a good balance between making investments for sustainable growth and delivering stable, incremental dividends in order for us to remain financially sound.
control financial leverage at no more than 2.0 times (equivalent to equity ratio of at least 50 percent) to ensure we do not rely excessively on borrowings or other outside
Shareholders’ equity and interest-bearing debt
sources and maintain balance with dividends and other shareholder returns.
Shareholders’ equity   Interest-bearing debt   Net interest-bearing debt  
(Millions of JPY)
Equity ratio  
51,468
Debt-equity ratio
52,747
54,664
56,245
52.3%
28.8% 15,960
-840 2018
From the CFO
      45,181
49,726
  37,575 39,247 50.2% 50.6%
38.2% 31.8% 13,812
12,757 1,198 180
52.1% 52.2%
23.5% 18.7%
10,947 9,902
53.1%
31.5% 16,117
-1,738 2015
50.6% 51.4%
  Managing cash flows and strengthening financial base
543 2016 2017
32.1% 30.6% 17,004 16,794
  We have managed to keep our annual cash flow from operating activities stable at above ¥8 billion on average over the past five years, thanks to a business portfolio of sound profitability and disciplined financial management. This attests to the power of our genbaryoku, which we will keep on harnessing to help us satisfy needs for both business investments and stakeholder returns.
Looking at FY 2018 alone, our cash flow from operating activities stood at ¥9.4 billion, while cash flow from investing
activities amounted to ¥5.2 billion after recording investments for setting up new plants in Japan/overseas and developing new products/solutions, resulting in positive free cash flow of ¥4.2 billion overall.
This is in line with the SATO Group’s basic stance on cash flow management, which is to maintain positive free cash flow by making investments within the limits of our cash flow from operating activities while maximizing returns. Overall financial health is also our top priority as we aim to
-6,614
2013 2014
-8,957
-135
  Trends in cash flow
(Millions of JPY)
4,434
-2,581
-7,015 (FY) 2011
Cash flow from operating activities   Cash flow from investing activities  
Free cash flow (Cash inflow from operating activities and cash outflow from investing activities)
Basic policy for shareholder return
Our basic policy is to return part of our profits to shareholders in the form of dividends while retaining internal reserves to address financing demand from our base businesses and areas of growth in order to increase our enterprise value and maximize shareholder value. Under this policy, we project to increase annual dividend by ¥3 from the previous year to achieve a payout of ¥73 per share for FY 2019. In determining this amount, we comprehensively consider the importance of
Dividends per share
free cash flow together with the signaling effect our dividend performance will have on the market. Regardless of single- year financial results, we plan to increase our dividend in phases that keep up with our profit growth. To sustain our profit growth into the future, we will drive financial management in a way that invests in sustainable growth while delivering stable, dynamic shareholder returns, and pursue higher capital efficiency.
10,589 5,812
-4,776 2013
10,769
9,365 4,152
-5,212
2018
9,205
2,983
6,091
6,184 2,679
-3,504
2017
(FY) 2011
2012
      3,793 2,809
-984
2012
(JPY)
73
2,052
Dividend policy
Increase market value per share and continue delivering stable, incremental dividends
70 65
¥112.5
6.9%
         -6,221 2014
-3,504
2015
28 30 31 32
33 33 33 34
35
40 37
EPS ROE
60 55
45
¥121.5
7.6%
-9,596
-8,716
  FY 2017
  FY 2018
  FY 2019 (Forecast)
  2016
22 23 24
17
¥149.0
8.8%
   45
46
(FY)99 00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19

Corporate governance
1. Basicconcept
We aim to realize sustainable growth and higher corporate
value on a medium- to long-term basis under our vision of becoming “the leader and most trusted company in the auto-ID solutions industry worldwide, exceeding customer expectations in an ever-changing world.” We believe that building and continuously strengthening our corporate governance system to support these aims is critical to ensuring the soundness, transparency, and efficiency of our management.
2. SATO’s corporate governance
[Governance]
Currently, we are able to manage business operations with efficiency and accuracy in strategic decision-making, thanks to the support of our board of directors, which is constituted in majority of independent external directors to help it exercise strong, transparent oversight of executive officers in their business execution while making important management decisions at the same time. We also make use of our Audit & Supervisory Board, which we will continue enhancing in functionality to achieve effective corporate governance.
As we believe in board diversity, we ensure that two of our external directors and one of our external Audit & Supervisory Board members are women.
2 Audit & Supervisory Board
The company has an Audit & Supervisory Board, which consists of four members (including two external members). Audit & Supervisory Board members attend board of directors meetings to ensure that the conduct of all directors is compliant with laws/ regulations and the Articles of Incorporation while also attending other important in-house meetings such as executive management meetings where they audit/supervise different decision-making processes and resolutions reached, expressing their opinions when necessary. Members undertake a wide range of other activities, including verifying the readiness/ operation of internal controls, examining the financial reporting system, reviewing various report materials, and checking the independence and audit quality of the company’s accounting auditor (auditing firm). In addition, they work with the auditing firm to receive quarterly audit/review reports, exchange opinions and gather information as required to create an environment conducive to proper auditing. They also work and share information with our auditor office to regularly receive internal audit results and internal control evaluations concerning financial reporting.
In FY 2018, 11 meetings were conducted for the Audit & Supervisory Board with its members in full attendance.
At Audit & Supervisory Board meetings, deliberations primarily focus on the Japan headquarters’ governance of its overseas subsidiaries or merged/acquired businesses with regard to their startup operations or level of integration with corporate strategies. In these instances, the Audit & Supervisory Board analyzes quantitative and qualitative information that it receives from overseas headquarters and finance and accounting departments, to check for proper handling of issues. If there are areas for improvement, the board requests the company’s executives to take actions accordingly while providing feedback to the management team in the form of information sharing and opinion exchanges.
Full-time Audit & Supervisory Board members help the board function effectively by conducting audit activities on subjects with accurate, on-site information and sharing necessary reports with external members on the same board for them to provide opinions for discussion based on their respective professional knowledge and objective perspectives. They contribute to the sound and sustainable development of the company in partnership with our accounting auditor and auditor office.
   Board of Directors
Audit & Supervisory Board
     Executive directors
Members
   —
(incl. 1 representative director)
Independent/ External
    Internal/ Full-time
      Reports, comments Consults
Refers important management agendas Reports business execution
General Meeting of Shareholders
Appoints/dismisses
Sets compensation (max. amount)
Appoints/dismisses
Sets compensation (max. amount)
Reports
Appoints/ dismisses
   Board of Directors
8 directors
3 in-house, 5 external (incl. 2 women)
Audit & Supervisory Board
4 members
2 in-house, 2 external (incl. 1 woman)
 Monitors
Professional services firm
 Business Risk Committee
  Reports
Teiho
Reports
Appoints/ dismisses Oversees
Selects/ dismisses Oversees
Monitors
Reports
Collaborates
     Governance Committee (chaired by CFO)
President and CEO
 Executive Committee
   Risk Management Committee
 Health & Safety Committee
 Disciplinary & Anti- harassment Committee
Reports
Collaborates Monitors
  Executive Officers
12 officers
(incl. 1 non-Japanese woman)
 SATO Group companies
Employees
Audit Department
Collaborates
Group Compliance Department
Develops, runs and manages regulations
       [Business execution, internal control]
Audits
No personnel, financial, business or other relevant relationships exist between the company and our external officers. These officers also do not have any potential conflict of interests with general shareholders based on the independence criteria which we have adopted from standards specified by the Tokyo Stock Exchange, making them capable of fulfilling their expected responsibilities in oversight and governance, independently of representative directors and other executives.
The board of directors meets once a month in principle, and has met 11 times in FY 2018. Apart from board meetings, two joint meetings were also held last fiscal for non-executive officers to engage in free discussion to identify and sort out medium- to long-term management issues.
At board meetings, matters stipulated by laws/regulations and the Articles of Incorporation as well as important business management matters governed by board regulations are brought up for deliberation/discussion in a systematic and comprehensive manner.
In order to facilitate fair deliberation/discussion, the board does not set hierarchical relationships among directors, and rotates chairmanship among non-executive directors including external directors.
To make board meetings more effective, a pre-working session explaining important meeting agendas, industry- specific sales measures, and other background information is held before each meeting for directors to take part in various discussions and deepen their understanding of business execution. Opinion exchange sessions are also held regularly for external officers.
In addition, a Business Risk Committee has been established to advise the board of directors on business risks while advisory committees for nomination and remuneration have been abolished, as the board is now comprised in majority of external directors and can add more speed/perspectives to such decision-making by discussing related matters directly.
      47
48
1 Structure and operation of the board of directors
At the point of releasing this report, we have eight directors on our board, complying with the Articles of Incorporation, which limits the number of directors to no more than 12. Out of these eight directors, two are concurrently serving as executive
officers, one as non-executive director, and the remaining five as external directors. With external directors accounting for the majority, the board is able to receive opinions and suggestions from independent perspectives to strengthen its management oversight.
Non-executive directors
  Independent/ External
   Internal
  Four stakeholders
Shareholders Employees Society Company
    
    3 Business execution and internal control
1 Executive Committee
The Executive Committee, comprised of executive officers 4
points of contact for the same purpose. See Page 4.
Risk management
At one of our board meetings
use of templates that help improve the quality of meeting materials. Through the board secretariat, we will also work to better manage progress in preparing meeting agendas to allow sufficient time for board members to read them in advance. Roles/responsibilities of the board
A comprehensive list of matters requiring board discussion has been put together to guide and improve the submission of agendas to the board.
We will make efforts to submit proposed policies/plans for business strategies in a timely manner to link these board meeting agendas more closely to deliberations at executive management meetings. We will also establish clear decision-making processes for evaluating, appointing/dismissing, and remunerating senior management to maintain effectiveness of board oversight.
System to support the board
Board members can readily seek clarifications and receive additional information via available channels, and make important management decisions based on analyses and evaluations conducted in advance by the Business Risk Committee. To facilitate information sharing with external directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members, we will continue to conduct pre-working sessions and joint meetings for non-executive officers. We will also conduct regular opinion exchange/discussion sessions for external officers.
Relationship with shareholders
We have been gathering shareholder feedback every six months via IR activities, and will continue to ensure that we receive even the most specific and critical of feedbacks.
Other matters pertaining to overall effectiveness There is room for improvement in how we deliberate/ discuss important matters of business execution, particularly those related to our business operations outside Japan. We will get our executives to submit and provide explanation for necessary agendas in
a timely manner to enable stronger board oversight.
 appointed by the CEO, is the highest decision-making authority within the company’s business execution function. Every week, the committee holds an executive management meeting where non-executive directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members join as observers.
The committee reviews important matters related to overall business management to either decide on them in a speedy manner or submit them to the board of directors for approval.
2 Internal control framework
We have adopted a framework for internal control based on the basic policy that was approved by the board of directors to help us embed our corporate values into our code of conduct and ensure proper business operations.
For example, the execution of duties by our employees, directors, and subsidiaries is being controlled by corresponding management regulations and responsibility/ authorization rules, while being subject to regular audit checks by our auditor office at the same time. With the support of the board of directors, we will continue to review our set of internal controls and test them regularly to add more relevance and efficiency to this framework.
3 Teiho
Introduced in 1976, Teiho is SATO’s very own reporting system that lets all employees participate in the running of the company. Through Teiho, new ideas that employees derive from daily work or feedback they gather from interactions with customers can be incorporated quickly into decision-making at the top level. Teiho contributes towards a corporate culture of compliance as it can also be used for reporting misconduct or breaches, and we are making efforts to further complement this by establishing external
3. Evaluation of the board’s effectiveness
The company conducts yearly surveys to analyze and evaluate the effectiveness of our board of directors to check our corporate governance and take appropriate measures to sustainably improve corporate value.
The following summarizes our evaluation approach and results for FY 2018.
We also have corporate governance frameworks in place to manage risks as follows.
With the survey responses that were collected anonymously, directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members exchanged opinions regarding the evaluation at the pre-working session in April, and went on to finalize the results after reviewing the appropriateness of the evaluation approach/process and discussing the areas for improvement/ actions required at the board meeting in May.
Survey themes
Designed to identify progress in improving the board’s effectiveness, the survey consisted of 11 questions covering the following six topics that are based on the previous year, with reference to the Corporate Governance Code (hereinafter, “CGC”).
• Topics evaluated (corresponding CGC principles in
parentheses)
a. Composition of the board (4.8, 4.11)
b. Operations of the board (4.12)
c. Roles/responsibilities of the board (4.1, 4.2, 4.3)
d. System to support the board (4.8, 4.10, 4.13)
e. Relationship with shareholders (5.1)
f. Other matters pertaining to overall effectiveness
(write-in question)
Summary of results and areas for improvement
Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members generally rated the board highly on its performance in making improvements from the previous year, with results reassuring us that it is adequate in effectiveness.
At the same time, the evaluation brought up areas for improvement which we will seek to address as follows with speed and continuity to enhance the board’s effectiveness.
1
Business risks
There are risks that the company would take in driving business when making investments and loans, acquiring and disposing of stock and fixed assets, entering into business partnerships or important agreements, and selling/ buying businesses. The Business Risk Committee, which reports directly to the board of directors, is responsible for analyzing and monitoring business plans proposed by executives for such risks upon the board’s request.
The committee’s input and reports facilitate more thorough deliberations at board meetings to help the board make important management decisions with the objectives of minimizing risks and maximizing returns.
In order to achieve sustainable growth for greater corporate value, a Governance Committee has also been established under the CFO to take necessary measures in reinforcing control and managing risks at our overseas subsidiaries.
General risks
There are also risks associated with natural/man-made disasters, work accidents, fraudulent/illegal employee conduct, cybersecurity/legal threats, and other unforeseen circumstances that would significantly harm our business value. The Risk Management Committee is responsible for determining preventive actions to minimize any resulting damage and drawing up crisis countermeasures should such risks occur.
Evaluation methodology
At the board meeting in March 2019, we had our board secretariat explain the purpose and details of the FY 2018 evaluation survey before distributing it to 11 directors and four Audit & Supervisory Board members for
their completion.
2
2
3
a.
b.
Composition of the board
The board comprised in majority of external directors is functioning highly effectively in the oversight of senior management. Diversity is important, and we will strive to maintain and strengthen diversity in external directors while continuing to tackle our challenges to including more internationals and women as internal directors. Operations of the board
More open and constructive discussions are taking place at our board meetings than before. We aim to take this to the next level by enforcing the thorough
e.
f.
c.
d.
 49
50
1

4. Appointment and dismissal of directors and representative directors
position of officer, whereby those in higher positions receive a larger ratio of performance-based compensation.
The two performance-based compensation components aforementioned are dependent on business and individual achievement. Business achievement is measured by the degree of accomplishment of the consolidated operating income target for performance-based monetary and stock compensation because operating income is considered to be a direct product of business activities. Performance-based stock compensation additionally takes into account the degree of accomplishment of the consolidated EBITDA target as an indicator for intrinsic earning power. Apart from business achievement, the company believes that the individual achievement of officers contribute towards the medium- and long-term growth of its business as well, and should therefore also be reflected in the evaluation for determining performance-based compensation.
The above does not apply to independent external officers and non-executive internal officers responsible for management oversight, who shall only receive basic/fixed compensation due to the nature of their roles.
Breakdown of remuneration for officers (Figures for external officers indicated in parentheses)
Corporate governance
  The board selects via a transparent process candidates who are able to actively contribute to its managerial decision-making and oversight function with their extensive experience/expertise and excellent character/discernment.
Appointment/selection criteria are as follows.
1 Internal directors
Candidates need to be executive officers who possess the following experience, skills and attributes.
• Strategic judgment from a medium- to long-term
perspective (ability to get to the essence of matters,
think critically, have foresight and decisiveness).
• Leadership qualities to unite the organization and
carry through radical changes they would drive (ability to lead collaboration, innovation and talent development towards results).
• High ethical standards and accountability towards the company and society (integrity, acumen, alignment with corporate values, and impartiality).
• Strong sense of independence and awareness of problems (pertaining to market, business, company resources, and self-improvement).
• Sufficient industry experience/knowledge and abundant mental/physical strength (work performance and personal health).
5. Remuneration for board members
1 Basic policy
The remuneration structure for board members is an extremely important element of corporate governance. Therefore, the company has laid down a policy for deciding remuneration amounts and calculation methods as follows.
• Remuneration amount shall be set at a level capable of
securing and retaining board members to make important
management decisions and supervise business execution.
• The company shall establish a remuneration structure
that contributes towards sustainable growth and higher
Procedure to determining remuneration
Board of directors
2 External directors
Candidates need to meet the following requirements, and be chosen from diverse fields of specialization (such as business management, academia, law, or finance).
The number of external directors must account for majority of the board for proper governance.
• Able to get to the essence of matters and raise issues to
management in a rigorous manner.
• Able to place priority on attending the company’s board
meetings and committing to board duties.
3 Appointment/selection process
A list of qualified candidates is prepared and submitted to the board for deliberation.
• Internal directors: The candidate list is prepared with the
advice of external officers.
• External directors: The candidate list is prepared based
on recommendations made by internal and external
officers after discussing them among internal directors.
4 Dismissal process
• Executive leaders can be dismissed upon consent by
the board if there is objective evidence or other reasons to suggest that they are deviating materially from the appointment/selection criteria.
• Directors will not be nominated for election or reelection at the next general meeting of shareholders if they are deemed to not fully meet the above criteria.
medium- to long-term corporate value and resonates
with the values of shareholders and other stakeholders. • The board shall set out a reasonable, fair and transparent
procedure to determining remuneration that the company would comply with.
2 Procedure to determining remuneration
To ensure fair and transparent deliberations by the board, the company has set the following procedure to determine remuneration. Compliance with this procedure strengthens the board’s function to oversee management.
3 Composition of remuneration
Remuneration for the company’s directors consists of basic compensation (fixed monetary sum), performance-based monetary compensation, and performance-based stock compensation. The weighting of each component is decided by considering balance with overall remuneration amount and
Remuneration components
  Medium- to long-term incentive
Stock compensation
 BIP Trust
A
 Short-term incentive
Monetary compensation
 Incentive
B
  Basic compensation (tied to position)
C
 Compensation for directors/Audit & Supervisory Board members
D
A +
4. Audit & Supervisory Board member D
1. Executive director
2. Non-executive director 3. External director
C +
B +
D C + D
     Classification
 Total remuneration (millions of yen)
Remuneration amount by component
Fixed compensation
Performance-based monetary compensation
Performance-based stock compensation
No. of officers
Amount (millions of yen)
No. of officers
Amount (millions of yen)
No. of officers
Amount (millions of yen)
 Director
Audit & Supervisory Board member Total
271 (54) 12 (6) 221 (54) 2 (—) 21 (—) 2 (—) 28 (—) 48 (9) 4 (2) 48 (9) — (—) — (—) — (—) — (—) 319 (63) 16 (8) 269 (63) 2 (—) 21 (—) 2 (—) 28 (—)
   * Amounts indicated in table include remuneration for directors who retired in June 2018.
Proportions of performance-based remuneration and their evaluation weighting ratios (%) for officers in FY 2018
  Position
  Fixed compensation
  Performance-based monetary compensation
  Performance-based stock compensation
  Performance-based compensation subtotal
  Evaluation weight
 Business achievement
  Individual achievement
  Representative director 55.9 and President
Director and Vice President 70.5
Non-executive internal director 100
Internal member of 100 Audit & Supervisory Board
19.7
11.5
—
—
—
24.4
18.0
—
—
—
44.1 100 0
29.5 50 50
— — —
— — —
— — —
    External director/member of Audit & Supervisory Board
100
  Representative director and internal directors
Board of directors
6. Accounting audit
SATO receives accounting audits from professional services
firm PwC Aarata LLC, in compliance with provisions of the Companies Act and Financial Instruments and Exchange Act. There exist no material relationships of interest between the
company and the audit firm or its personnel conducting our accounting audits that need to be reported under the Certified Public Accountants Act.
   51
52
Revise basic/performance-based remuneration amount (tied to position) and payment coefficient
Assess business and individual achievements for fiscal year ended to draft evaluation
Approve evaluation and decide performance- based remuneration amount for each officer
Performance- based
Fixed

From our external directors
   Leverage talent to scale greater heights
Manage with greater strategy to aim for sustainable growth
    53
54
External director
Ryoji Itoh
Project Professor, Graduate School of Media and Governance, Keio University Representative Director, Planet Plan Co., Ltd.
Effectiveness of the board
I find that the board of directors here at SATO allows for free and open discussions among all its members, internal and external, even under mission-critical circumstances. Shortfalls were seen in how agendas were selected for submission to the board, and how the executives worked with the executive committee, both of which the company sought to tackle in 2018 by setting up a Business Risk Committee that reports directly to the board, allowing directors to examine agendas from the executive departments. While the company still needs to keep upgrading the way it assesses risks, I feel it has taken a big step forward by establishing the correct framework.
Matters that have passed board resolution will be subject to progress checks that their supervising departments would undertake and report. This system of following up on business decisions to evaluate their validity keeps heightening effectiveness of the board.
The need to increase brand awareness
While customers in and outside Japan rate SATO highly on the value its solutions create, the company is still largely unknown to the rest of the world. I believe SATO can heighten its presence as a global brand, and must take on that challenge in order to scale new heights. Greater brand awareness would mean more business opportunities as well as greater pride in employees, which will prove to be a powerful draw for more diverse and competent talents. This strong, global brand value comes from doing more business with global giants and engaging more with societal and environmental challenges of global concern, while disclosing such actions to the public. I’m sure that, with the solid reputation of being a provider of quality value-add solutions, SATO could have more people know of all the great things it does.
For the future
I see that the company today has well established a firm footing for profits in its native market. As we enter an age where globalization and digitalization bring dramatic and unpredictable changes to the world, sustainable growth may be hard to maintain for a company that, with a history of success, could easily fall for a monocultural way of running business. That’s why SATO must break its own mold and innovate itself into becoming a needed presence in the new era. And a key element to this innovation is the chemistry of a diverse workforce. SATO is highly active in hiring talents with a variety of different skills and knowledge. And it now sees more young employees take on their work with open, creative minds, owing largely to its time-fostered corporate culture and a truly acceptive HR strategy. I strongly believe that diversification of talent, combined with the global establishment of the SATO brand, will set the company apart from its competitors. I hope to offer my full support as an external director with diverse perspectives to contribute to the group’s growth.
External director
Chieko Matsuda
Senior Research Fellow, Japan Association for Chief Financial Officers Professor, Graduate School of Management, Tokyo Metropolitan University Professor, Faculty of Economics and Business Administration, Tokyo Metropolitan University
Strengths as seen from outside
SATO has a wonderful motto in “Ceaseless Creativity” that planted in the company a culture of boldly creating innovative services and products without fear of failure. It’s a mindset that new employees and subsidiaries to the group are devoting their efforts into passing down and instilling to others.
The corporate culture that values diversity is another aspect I see as the company’s strength. In this time and age where businesses are shifting from making uniform, standardized products to delivering diverse ideas and services, the ones who survive are the ones who know that differences create innovation. SATO respects the diverse backgrounds and skills of each and every employee, and seeks to incorporate them into its services and new businesses.
Ever since the new CEO took office, the company has pushed its drive to “sell the solution, not the product” (koto-uri) further to focus on solving customer’s issues on-site, and well instilled the new management principle of “Perfect the basics” into its people. I’m looking forward to these initiatives changing employee behavior,
strengthening the organization, and going global to bring the worldwide group together for greater growth.
Stronger governance
SATO has long established a highly sound and transparent governance system. It has appointed an external director to the board as early as the 1990s and a female external director in 2004 to heighten diversity. With external directors comprising the majority in 2016, it abolished the nomination and remuneration advisory committees in 2018, allowing board members to nominate management team members and determine remunerations. As the board now undertakes adequate, substantive discussions, it has downsized itself as well. Also in 2018, the Business Risk Committee was established to keep up with the increasing complexities of today’s business world. Seeking returns in business always involves risks, and it is highly critical that these risks are assessed and monitored at the execution level.
These ceaseless improvements to the governance structure have led to the high effectiveness of the board. The board meeting always finds itself in intense debate as it considers perspectives from numerous angles in reaching a decision.
Developing managerial talents
In order for SATO to step up its presence globally to the level it has in Japan, it needs to enhance managerial talent. These talents must be not merely people who lead operations but management leaders who have strong strategic acumen and can make bold decisions with outlook on the future of the corporate group and business. The company must seek in-house and outside sources to develop such talents, who would also be required to understand the risks and returns of investments. The high-level synthesis of these qualities results in integrity that business leaders must aim to possess, not to mention the high morals and virtues that must accompany it. It is when the group is reinforced with such talents that I believe SATO will achieve sustainable growth on the global stage as well.

Management team
Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members (As of June 21, 2019)
  1 Ryutaro Kotaki President and CEO
2 Yoichi Abe
Director, Vice President and CFO
3 Tatsuo Narumi Director
4 Yuko Tanaka External Independent President and Chief Trustee, Hosei University
Director, Suntory Foundation for Arts
Trustee, Japan University Accreditation Association Executive Director, The Japan Association of Private Universities and Colleges
Trustee, The Open University of Japan
5
6
7
8
Ryoji Itoh External Independent
Project Professor, Graduate School of Media and Governance, Keio University
Representative Director, Planet Plan Co., Ltd. External Director, Miraca Holdings Inc.
Mitsuaki Shimaguchi External Independent
Professor Emeritus, Keio University External Director, Sanrio Company, Ltd.
9 10
11
12
Nobuhiro Yokoi
Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Junichi Nagakura
Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Takao Yamaguchi External Independent CPA TA
President, Yamaguchi C.P.A. Office
External Audit & Supervisory Board Member, Kyorin Holdings, Inc.
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (Independent), Tokyo Tatemono Co., Ltd.
External Audit & Supervisory Board Member,
Lion Corporation
Noriko Yao External Independent Attorney
Partner, TMI Associates
External Auditor, Japan Overseas Infrastructure Investment Corporation for Transport &
Urban Development
External Director, Meiko Network Japan Co., Ltd.
CPA: Certified Public Accountant TA: Taxation Accountant Attorney: Attorney at law
   9
12 8
6
7
2
Executive Officers
Hiroyuki Konuma
Vice President
President, SATO Corporation Head of RFID business
Yoshinori Sasahara
Vice President
Chief Wellness Officer (CWO)
Director and Vice President, SATO Corporation
Kenji Ushiki
Executive Officer
Director; General Manager of R&D, SATO Corporation
Keisuke Yamada
Executive Officer
Chairperson and President, Argox Information Co., Ltd. Managing Director, SATO Argox India Pvt. Ltd.
Maria Olcese
Executive Officer
Head of South America
General Manager, Achernar S.A.
President, Yamada & Ozaki Law Office Chairperson, Akiko Tachibana Memorial Foundation
External Auditor, Taiyo Chemical Industry Co., Ltd.
External Director, Hulic Co., Ltd. External Director, Mikuni Corporation
Chieko Matsuda External Independent
Senior Research Fellow, Japan Association for Chief Financial Officers
Professor, Graduate School of Management, Tokyo Metropolitan University
Professor, Faculty of Economics and Business Administration, Tokyo Metropolitan University External Director, Hitachi Chemical
Company, Ltd.
Independent Director, Foster Electric Company, Limited
External Audit & Supervisory Board Member, Kirin Holdings Company, Limited
Hironori Onishi
Executive Officer
Director; General Manager of Sales, SATO Corporation
Shigeki Egami
Executive Officer
Chief Human Resources Officer (CHRO) Head of Kitakami Operations
Noriyasu Yamada
Executive Officer
Chief Alliance Officer (CAO)
Goro Yumiba
Executive Officer
Head of North & Central Americas Chairperson and CEO, SATO America, LLC.
Hayato Shindo
Executive Officer
President, SATO International Co., Ltd. Head of Southeast Asia
Hideo Yamada
External Attorney
Independent
 11
1 10
    5
3
4
 Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members
  55
56

Financial review for FY 2018
Financial performance for fiscal year ended March 2019 (FY 2018)
 Our group posted sales of ¥116,179 million (up 2.5% from previous year), operating income of ¥7,679 million (up 22.9%), and ordinary income of ¥7,618 million (up 29.4%), achieving
new record highs in each category. Profit attributable to owners of parent, on the other hand, totaled ¥3,773 million (down 7.4%) after reflecting impairment loss from a UK subsidiary.
¥43,316 million (increase of 7.0%, excluding foreign currency effects) and operating income increased 20.0% to ¥2,239 million, compared with the previous fiscal year.
IDP
In our business centering on Inline Digital Printing (IDP) technology that we own after fully acquiring UK-based DataLase in January 2017, an increase in sales was recorded for its existing base business while upfront investments for R&D progressed largely as planned.
Auto-ID solutions (Japan)
Technology that would become key to the anticipated demand for and success of this business is undergoing development, and we are currently conducting trials aimed at commercialization, with plans to make the final decision on commercialization in FY 2019 and achieve operating profitability in FY 2020.
Under these circumstances, net sales increased 35.7% to ¥427 million (increase of 36.7%, excluding foreign currency effects), and an operating loss of ¥1,421 million was incurred, compared with that of ¥1,426 million for the previous fiscal year.
Sales
Japan
Operating income,
operating margin, EBITDA owners of parent, ROE
(Millions of JPY) 120,000
90,000 60,000 30,000
0
(Millions 116,179 15,000
of JPY)
(%) (Millions of JPY) 13,250 10 5,000
(%) 10
8 6 4 2 0
Overseas
106,302
2016
113,383
2017
11,296
11,814
4,074
7.6
3,773
6.9
Operating income (left axis) Operating margin (right axis)
EBITDA* (left axis) Profit attributable to owners of parent (left axis) ROE (right axis)
Profit attributable to
     12,000 9,000 6,000 3,000
0
Our efforts in recent years to implement industry-specific strategies have paid off to help our sales front lines enhance customer satisfaction and contribute towards their profitability, generating record-high net sales and operating income for our auto-ID solutions business. Besides achieving marked growth in mechatronics sales (primarily printers) and a strong year-on-year gain in accompanying consumables sales, operating income ratio also increased by 1.4 percentage points from the previous year due to better product mix. Our best-performing verticals include the manufacturing sector, where there has been robust demand for capital investments in automation and operational visibility, and the retail sector, where our solutions targeting growth of e-commerce and other changes in the shopping landscape have proved to be successful.
While labor shortages are creating prominent needs to increase productivity, track work, and automate worksites across all trades, there are also rising needs to comply with new labeling standards in the food and health care sectors. Going forward, we aim to strengthen our ability to propose solutions for the increasingly sophisticated challenges of our customers to grow this business stably and increase its earning power.
Under these circumstances, net sales increased 2.8% to ¥72,435 million, and operating income increased 19.7% to ¥6,982 million, compared with the previous fiscal year.
8 4,000 7,679 6 3,000 4 2,000 2 1,000
2018 0 0
Auto-ID solutions (Overseas)
 5.7 5.5
6,104 6,249
Auto-ID solutions (Overseas)
6.6
3,221
6.2
 Sales (left axis) (Millions of JPY)
Operating income (right axis)
Sales (left axis)
(Millions of JPY)
Operating income (right axis)
  80,000 60,000 40,000 20,000
0
IDP
Sales (left axis) (Millions of JPY)
67,283
4,571
70,482 72,435 8,000 6,982
50,000 40,000 30,000 20,000 10,000
0
38,926
1,650
2016
42,585
1,865
2017
43,316
2,239
2018
5,000 4,000 3,000 2,000 1,000
0
  (FY)
2018
(FY) 2016 2017
* EBITDA = operating income + depreciation + amortization
(FY) 2016 2017 2018
5,831
6,000 4,000 2,000
By business segment
Auto-ID solutions (Japan)
(FY) 2016 2017 2018 0
(FY)
 Actions to engage subsidiaries in understanding and executing country-specific strategies based on the medium-term management plan has led our auto-ID solutions business to achieve growth in sales and profits for a second consecutive year. Companies specializing in primary labels achieved an overall increase in sales and profits, as Okil-Holding in Russia was able to grow revenue and improve profitability on the back of positive foreign currency effects to offset investment cost in Russia (for various types of labels and soft packaging) and weak business performance in South America (where economic stagnation and local currency depreciation persisted).
For other overseas companies conducting our base business, the sales approach of proposing solutions based on our strategic CLNX printer series to improve customers’ field operations is gaining ground. While business in the Americas saw declining sales due to lesser orders from large customers in North America compared with the same period last year and the economic slump affecting South America, profits increased, mainly because of reduced software development expenses resulting from the liquidation of a group company. Business in the Europe, Asia and Oceania regions, on the other hand, achieved steady top-line growth to increase both sales and profits.
Under these circumstances, net sales increased 1.7% to
500 400 300 200 100
0
Operating income (right axis)
-240 427 0 -500
Forecasts for fiscal year ending March 2020 (FY 2019)
We aim to achieve the consolidated targets disclosed on May 10, 2019, of sales at ¥120,000 million (up 3.3% from previous year), operating income at ¥8,500 million (up 10.7%), ordinary income at ¥8,300 million (up 8.9%), and profit attributable to owners of parent at ¥5,000 million (up 32.5%). We also plan to improve ROE to 8.8% (up 1.9 points), from the 6.9% that was recorded last fiscal after reflecting impairment loss.
For our auto-ID solutions business, steady demand for automation and operational efficiency is likely to continue across different industries in Japan. Outside Japan where market potential is high, we expect to boost revenue significantly by making our growth strategies more specific by the individual country/industry and concentrating our business resources on implementing them with greater speed. For the IDP business, we will continue efforts to commercialize the faster and higher- resolution upgrade of the current monochrome IDP technology as planned to officially bring it to market in FY 2020.
   57
58
-1,426
92
-1,421
-1,000 -1,500 -2,000
315
(FY) 2016 2017 2018 -2,500

Financial summary
Fiscal years end March 31 the following year
(Millions of JPY)
  FY 2018
  116,179
 37.6
 50,676
 42,997
 7,679
 13,250
 3,773
  107,574
 56,668
 3,460
 4,801
 5,571
  9,365
 -5,212
 4,152
 -3,534
 16,430
  112.46
 1,649.86
 70
  43.6
 6.6
 11.4
 7.1
 6.9
 51.5
 28.8
  FY 2008 Sales 78,163
FY 2009
74,917 24.2 31,279 28,705 2,574
5,123 781
64,203 35,985 1,826 2,387 2,549
5,860 -2,093
3,766
-826 13,774
25.95 1,191.84 33
41.8 3.4 6.8 3.6 2.2 55.9 19.6
FY 2010
78,368 23.7 33,018 28,791 4,226
6,417 503
66,134 34,929 1,902 5,084 2,190
1,595 -4,283
-2,687
-3 10,813
16.71 1,156.88 34
42.1 5.4 8.2 5.7 1.4 52.7 24.9
FY 2011
80,536 23.0 34,217 29,564 4,652
6,830 1,953
74,830 36,172 1,859 1,836 2,177
4,434 -7,015
-2,581
3,273 11,377
64.87 1,201.02 35
42.5 5.8 8.5 5.9 5.5 48.3 38.2
FY 2012
87,256 25.6 36,410 30,958 5,452
8,213 2,726
77,521 40,205 2,042 3,059 2,760
3,793 -984
2,809
-2,839 11,992
90.56 1,330.77 37
41.7 6.2 9.4
7.1 7.2 51.7 31.8
FY 2013
96,773 29.3 41,180 34,421 6,758
9,871 4,295
86,737 46,734 2,225 6,106 3,112
10,589 -4,776
5,812
-1,511 16,763
141.57 1,454.90 40
42.6 7.0 10.2 8.6 9.9 53.7 23.5
FY 2014
99,831 33.2 42,708 35,264 7,444
11,044 3,763
95,174 53,158 2,292 7,372 3,599
9,205 -6,221
2,983
-3,062 17,145
113.96 1,579.15 45
42.8 7.5 11.1 8.2 7.6 55.6 18.7
FY 2015
105,504 37.3 44,942 38,487 6,455
11,573 3,687
96,887 52,155 2,414 6,717 5,118
6,091 -9,596
-3,504
3,254 16,212
110.07 1,525.09 55
42.6 6.1 11.0 6.4 7.1 52.8 31.5
FY 2016
106,302 36.6 45,022 38,917 6,104
11,296 3,221
104,280 54,217 2,387 5,723 5,191
10,769 -8,716
2,052
-1,343 16,757
96.07 1,579.53 60
42.4 5.7 10.6 5.4 6.2 50.8 32.1
FY 2017
113,383 37.8 48,655 42,405 6,249
11,814 4,074
106,447 56,225 2,994 9,044 5,565
6,184 -3,504
2,679
-3,458 16,026
121.54 1,634.69 65
42.9 5.5 10.4 5.6 7.6 51.5 30.6
            Business performance
                        Overseas sales ratio (%)
Gross profit
Selling, general and administrative expenses
Operating income
EBITDA (Operating income + depreciation + amortization of goodwill)
Profit attributable to owners of parent
Financial position
Total assets
Net assets
Research and development
Capital expenditures
Depreciation and amortization of goodwill
Cash flow
Cash flow from operating activities Cash flow from investing activities
Free cash flow (Net cash provided by operating activities less cash used in investing activities)
Cash flow from financing activities
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year
Per-share data (JPY)
EPS (Earnings per share) BPS (Book value per share) DPS (Dividends per share)
Financial indicators (%)
Gross profit margin Operating income ratio EBITDA margin
ROA (Return on assets) ROE (Return on equity) Equity ratio Debt-to-equity ratio*
26.8 32,399 31,669 730
3,565 2,050
61,692 35,918 1,922 2,361 2,835
4,994 -2,217
2,777
-2,476 10,814
67.40 1,189.50 33
41.5 0.9 4.6 0.6 5.7 58.1 17.1
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        59
60
* Includes lease obligations and zero coupon convertible bonds

 61
62
Stock information (As of March 31, 2019) General information
Major shareholders
Name
Sato Yo International Scholarship Foundation
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (trust account)
Government of Norway
The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (trust account)
The Bank of New York Mellon 140051 SATO Employees’ Stockholding Goldman, Sachs & Co. Reg
Mieko Yokoi
Corporate data (As of March 31, 2019) Corporate data
For more IR information, see:
www.satoworldwide.com/ investor-relations.aspx
Shares authorized Shares issued Shareholders
Stock listing Securities code Fiscal year
General meeting of shareholders Shareholder registry administrator
80,000,000
34,921,242
8,717
First section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange 6287
April 1 to March 31 June
Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking Corporation
Shares owned
3,786,200
2,276,600 1,468,750 1,441,500
1,171,000
1,146,571 1,054,500 900,145 897,470 854,460
% of shares outstanding
11.21
6.74
4.35
4.27
3.46 3.39 3.12 2.66 2.65 2.53
Name Location
Established Incorporated Representative director Paid-in capital Employees Consolidated sales
SATO HOLDINGS CORPORATION
Knowledge Plaza, 1-7-1 Shimomeguro, Meguro-ku, Tokyo 153-0064, Japan
Composition of shareholders
Treasury stock 1,161,875
3.33%
Other corporations 4,928,495
14.11%
Financial institutions 7,307,803
20.92%
Financial instruments firms 484,694
1.39%
Foreign companies 11,109,199
31.81%
Individuals and others 9,929,176
28.44%
Shizue Sato Arena Co.
Global network (As of September 1, 2019) Global network
Stock price and trading volume
(JPY)
4,000 3,500 3,000 2,500 2,000 1,500 1,000
500 0
(JPY) High
Low
Fiscal year-end
Stock price  
Trading volume
Total shares issued
34,921,242
Europe
Germany France
Italy
The Netherlands
FY 2014 3,105
2,133 2,725
FY 2015 3,550
2,090 2,396
FY 2016 2,676
1,761 2,372
FY 2017 3,785
2,236 3,365
FY 2018 3,855
2,350 2,596
All information in this report, including the financial outlook, future forecast and strategies, is presented from judgments that are based on reasonable predictions made from information available at the time this report was prepared. Please note that actual results and performance may vary due to unforeseeable risks, events or consequences.
(Thousands of shares)
5,000 4,000 3,000 2,000 1,000
0
Oceania
Australia
New Zealand
Poland Russia Spain Sweden
UK Switzerland
1940
1951
Ryutaro Kotaki, President and CEO ¥8.4 billion
5,307
¥116.2 billion
Asia
Japan China
India Indonesia South Korea Malaysia
The Philippines Singapore Taiwan Thailand Vietnam
Americas
USA Mexico Brazil Argentina
For more information, contact:
Corporate Marketing Office
TEL: +81-3-5745-3429 FAX: +81-3-5487-8540 e-mail: SH-CM@sato-global.com
Website: www.satoworldwide.com
Disclaimer
Offices in 27 Presence in over 90
countries/regions

 Basics of auto-ID technology
SATO terminologies
Auto-ID (automatic identification) is the technology we see in barcodes and RFID that allows information to be entered or identified automatically. It is used in retail, logistics,
manufacturing, the service industry, health care and many other sectors of daily life.
* Underlined terms are elaborated under separate entries in the same table
Our business of integrating barcode printers/labels, software and services designed in-house with products/ technologies from partners to resolve customers’ worksite issues.
 This business is separated into the Overseas and Japan segments, with the former comprised of the Base business and the Primary Labels business.
Our business of tagging variable information at customer’s site of operations.
SATO’s business model that incorporates auto-ID technology (such as barcodes and RFID) with barcode printers and labels/labeling services to (a) systematically collect data on people and things at business sites and (b) offer tagging/labeling of information, using accurate, efficient and optimized solutions.
 In line with increasingly sophisticated user needs, SATO also pursues a policy of open innovation and partnerships to provide value-added “+One” technologies such as image/voice recognition, location tracking and sensors to its legacy business model to better solve customer challenges.
Our core competency of going to customer sites to understand their operations and identify the essence of issues to offer optimized solutions.
A revolutionary, direct marking technology comprised of a special heat-sensitive pigment that can be applied as a coating to virtually any substrate and exposed to a laser beam to create a color change.
 As IDP uses no ink or labels at the point of printing, it eliminates the need for labeling, minimizes stock keeping units (SKUs) and reduces waste, while shortening time spent on hardware maintenance. Besides delivering cost savings, productivity improvements and environmental benefits, IDP allows the printing of variable data for late stage customization/personalization of products and packaging, making it ideal for real-time, consumer-directed marketing. Development for multicolor capability — crucial for enhancing marketing effectiveness — is currently underway with commercialization targeted for FY 2021.
Our business for developing, manufacturing and selling special materials used mainly in IDP (Inline Digital Printing). A reporting segment formerly named “Materials business.”
Sales approach of selling not just the product but combinations of products in the form of solutions that include hardware, consumables, maintenance services and software, together with ROI and other value propositions for the customer.
Our overseas business of tagging fixed information via product labels and other media. This business operates from four SATO Group companies located in Argentina, Brazil and Russia.
A cloud-based monitoring service for printers that enables preventative maintenance and on-the-spot troubleshooting.
 With SOS, users can view the status of their cloud-connected printers at a glance and manage them centrally with ease, while SATO can increase productivity of its service personnel, allowing for even small service teams (as is often the case overseas) to provide improved support.
The process of physically attaching to something data that identifies and/or locates it. This involves digitizing information of the things it is tagged to so that the tagged data can be fed to and processed by core IT systems.
Blank or pre-printed labels used to print information elements such as barcode, product price and manufactured or expiry date that vary with every customer’s site of operation. Unlike fixed information labels that are identical and printed at large quantities in a single run, variable information labels can be printed on-demand as and when needed.
 Auto-ID solutions business
Term
DCS & Labeling +One
(DCS: Data Collection Systems)
Description*
 Base business
  Genbaryoku
 IDP (Inline Digital Printing)
 IDP business
 Koto-uri (Selling the solution, not the product)
 Primary Labels business
 SOS (SATO Online Services)
 Tagging
 Variable information labels
       Data
Auto-ID technology
People, objects
Scanners
  Encode
Attach
Read
   Membership cards, tickets
(for transport and entertainment, etc.)
Website URLs http://.............
Master data of products Product code
Product name
Lot no.
Price
Barcode
An array of parallel, rectangular bars and spaces of varying widths used to represent data in machine-readable form. Popular for their low cost and highly reliable identification, barcodes are now an integral part of social infrastructure.
Most, if not all, consumer products on the market in Japan today are marked with barcodes to facilitate retail checkout procedures.
Two-dimensional (2D) barcode
A pattern of squares, hexagons, dots, and other shapes used to represent data in machine-readable form. 2D barcodes store data horizontally and vertically so exponentially more data (including text data containing Japanese kana and kanji characters) can be encoded in a much smaller space compared with linear barcodes. This makes them popular for a wide range of applications such as consumer advertising (links to websites), entertainment ticketing, and tracking of electronic parts.
Locating technologies
Best known by GPS*1 and IPS*2 which are capable of locating people or objects outdoors and indoors respectively, locating technologies have significant applications in self-driving vehicles, navigation, security tracking and activity analyses.
IPS, in particular, is a core aspect of SATO’s Visual Warehouse solution that measures operational data within logistics warehouses (e.g., distance between/traveled by workers and goods, time spent on jobs) at high precision and in real time to improve productivity.
*1 Global Positioning System *2 Indoor Positioning System
                Manufacturer (Japan)
Product (Milk)
 This barcode is specific to this particular product.
RFID
Short for Radio Frequency Identification, RFID is a method that uses radio waves for reading and writing data without making contact. Readable even when stained or in harsh environments, RFID tags can be read by batch and over long distances or through intervening objects as long as they are within the range of the reader.
RFID technology has developed rapidly to find its way into various applications such as incoming goods inspection, inventory control and stocktaking.
     RFID inlay
IC
       63
64
Antenna
