Delivering customer value
Value to be delivered to customers is a key priority in our material agendas that is closely linked to our core business of customer-centric auto-ID solutions. Our lineup of sustainable products and services can offer customers benefits that include minimizing environmental impact, saving labor and
Relevant SDGs
resources, and enjoying reassurance and continuous quality improvements.
  Product sustainability
Taking action to combat climate change and its impacts is an important agenda for not just SATO but our customers as well. We support customers in reducing their ecological footprint through product and material sustainability,
notably in how we provide labels without release liners or use paper materials from FSC® (Forest Stewardship Council) certified forests.
Waste reduction, productivity improvement and peace of mind
Our auto-ID solutions allow customers to collect data and automate their operations to visualize inventory and reduce waste. In addition to streamlining business processes and
Safety and quality assurance
At SATO, safety and quality are matters to consider at
the product/service planning stage as well as in the later phases of the supply chain (such as production, distribution, retail and maintenance). For example, when we include ‘ease of maintenance’ in our product idea at the planning stage, we essentially lighten the workload of maintenance staff and reduce unnecessary stoppages on site, improving the services we provide to our customers post-sales.
In addition, we pay attention to preventative maintenance and quick recovery from errors, as shown by SOS (SATO Online Services), our cloud-based printer fleet remote
optimizing supply chains, they also aim to improve the quality of food & beverage and health care operations to offer peace of mind to our customers and the consumers they serve.
maintenance support service. As SOS offers at-a-glance visibility of all connected printers and their status of operation/use, customers can use the service to manage their assets with similar ease.
We also monitor the performance of our products and services once they are launched, to investigate root causes and make prompt improvements when problems occur to enhance their safety and quality. We will also incorporate customer feedback by acting on requests and other data collected through surveys.
      NONSEPA®
Linerless labels
Linerless means less paper used at point of production and less CO2 emission at point of disposal, since no liner waste is left behind for incineration.
Linerless label
Label with liner
    19
20
Awarded the Carbon Footprint of Products (CFP) certification
NONSEPA® is the first product in the Japanese label industry to earn CFP certification. CFP is a program to display the carbon footprint of products (measured by greenhouse emissions generated during their life cycle and expressed in mass-based CO2 equivalents) on their packaging so as to raise environmental awareness and further reduce emissions.
 