Sustainability framework Groundworks to value creation
Relevant SDGs
The SATO Group
Declaration of Diversity
SATO Group is committed to providing a working environment where all employees regardless of race, ethnicity, gender, nationality, culture, religion, educational background, disability or age are able to fully engage in open dialogue and active participation while recognizing and respecting each other’s unique attributes.
We believe this helps us create a diverse corporate culture that inspires the generation of new ideas. In line with our corporate spirit of Ceaseless Creativity, we will continue to refine our diversity activities in daily work as the core of our business strategy.
Our goal is to foster and promote diversity by giving every individual employee the opportunity to grow and excel professionally. This approach is key to delivering the best possible solutions to meet the diverse needs of our global customers. Diversity opens the door to productivity, competitiveness and sustainable growth.
 Our actions in-house in the areas of talent development, diversity/inclusion and health and productivity management, as well as outside the company in supply chain management and stakeholder engagement form the foundation on which we can continue to create value for our customers. We play our part in responsible procurement, working together with suppliers to
manage and optimize the supply chain. Regular, ongoing dialogues with stakeholders and their opinions allow us to keep improving our management operations and enhance value of the company.
Talent development, diversity and inclusion
We foster talents who demonstrate our core strengths of genbaryoku and corporate values. In 2019, we defined competencies required for each manager level that was immediately incorporated into our new 360 degree appraisal process. Corporate values are another requisite we try to instill around the world through workshops.
We also build and maintain a working environment that encourages individuals to respect one another and be
HR roadmap
self-starters. The resulting corporate culture, which breeds innovative ideas much in line with the company motto “Ceaseless Creativity,” embodies the notion of diversity and inclusion. Being one of the pioneers in Japan to raise our mandatory retirement age, we were recognized at the second Enjoy Aging Award in 2018 (organized by a local consortium for future society creation) for our efforts in fighting age discrimination.
Health and productivity management
To ensure good health and well-being of SATO employees at their workplaces, SATO Group promotes health and productivity management, with a chief wellness officer put in place. SATO encourages employees with metabolic syndrome to exercise regularly, and conducts surveys to measure employee satisfaction. Our efforts have won us Health and Productivity Stock recognition in 2017 and White 500 designation for three consecutive years from 2017 to 2019. SATO also started flexible working hours and telecommuting, along with a new key performance indicator of per capita operating income that measures productivity. This year, SATO announced new behavioral guidelines it
Stakeholder engagement
We maintain active dialogue with investors and other stakeholders, receiving valuable suggestions on how we could improve our management. Each year, we hold two financial results briefings for institutional investors and analysts, over 200 individual meetings with them, and briefing sessions and small meetings on a wide range of topics to facilitate direct conversations between stakeholders and our CEO, investor relations officers, business unit heads and external directors. These opportunities help us optimize company valuation and lower capital cost.
calls “The 3G actions for well-being”: 1) Greet with a smile, 2) maintain Good condition (physically and mentally), and 3) do a Great job (with high productivity).
    Aim
To make SATO full of talents who practice genbaryoku and its underlying SATO Values to create and deliver customer value that add to the growth of our business.
Recognitions
Health and Productivity Management 500 (White 500)
Diversity Management Selection 100
   Completed FY 2019 FY 2020 FY 2021 or later
          Conduct SATO Values workshops (Europe, North and South Americas, Asia, Oceania)
Formulate concept for talent management based on global grading
Install a globally standardized KPI management system (for heads of subsidiaries outside Japan)
Revise expatriate rules and processes
Pilot program to train overseas employees at Japan headquarters
Instill SATO Values
Strengthen talent management and governance Install a global grading system
    Define competencies (for heads of subsidiaries outside Japan)
 Conduct 360 degree feedback (for heads of subsidiaries outside Japan) e (for heads of subsidiaries outside Japan)
Prepare to start globally standardized manager trainings
Draw up plan for a global mobility policy Train local employees for a global career Draw up plan for global benefit management
Implement training programs for grade-specific competencies and for managers under new HR system Implement 360 degree feedback based on grade-specific competencies
Prepare to start succession plan
Prepare to start globally standardized manager trainings
SATO added to the SNAM Sustainability Index
We have been named to the SNAM Sustainability Index set by Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Asset Management Co., Ltd. (SNAM). The index is used for SNAM Sustainable Investment Fund, which is a socially responsible investment product for pension trusts and institutional investors that invest in a broad range of companies (approx. 300) rated highly for their environment, social and governance (ESG) practices.
Briefing sessions and small meetings
 Establish compensation setting process (for heads of subsidiaries outside Japan)
Prepare to start a globally standardized compensation schem
   Prepare to start talent management
Prepare to start succession plan
Stipulate new expatriate rules
Implement new expatriate process and management
Invest in koto-uri talents, starting with Asia
Implement English proficiency program for local employees
                    Design new HR system for managers
Establish competency framework
Devise strategy to motivate mature employees
Define workstyle guidelines by department
Introduce talent management tool
Seek interested candidates for overseas job
Promote the use of English
Install new HR system for managers Install competency framework
    Enhance talent and career development programs Prepare to start talent management
Apply Big Data analytics to talent management Verify effectiveness of workstyle innovation
Earnings briefing
Briefing for individual investors
    Run results-oriented work practices
 Prepare to start new workstyle for reorganized headquarter structure Run diversity and inclusion initiatives (e.g., focal measures for long-serving and female employees; committee for increased job satisfaction)
  Develop koto-uri talents outside Japan, especially in Asia
Implement English proficiency programs based on department-specific goals
   21
22