Being environmentally responsible
We recognize environmental protection as a priority common to humankind, as well as an essential factor to sustaining our business. Our environmental policy guides us towards reducing environmental impact, providing greener products and services, and running our business in harmony with
the environment.
Relevant SDGs
 Greenhouse gas emissions
Reducing CO2 emissions is essential to tackling global warming and making our society sustainable. We understand that we are responsible for the environment, and work to monitor the carbon footprint of our business and promote tangible initiatives to stop global warming.
Medium- to long-term targets and progress
Referring to the medium-term target specified for Japan in the Paris Agreement*, we have set the following goals in reducing environmental impact of our business activities.
* International agreement to combat climate change, adopted at COP21 on December 12, 2015.
Cut by 26% Cut by 26%
should take actions to realize a sustainable, decarbonized society, with a sense of urgency.
Through our participation in this partnership, we are now looking at installing power generators for self consumption.
Whenever a customer switches to a new printer, we collect the old printer at no cost to disassemble it and recover the components or metals (iron, copper, brass, stainless steel, aluminum, rubber, PCB, wires, waste plastics, etc.) for reuse through recyclers. This has become
our standard operation since 2007. In FY 2018, we recycled 38 percent more printers than we did the previous year. To further increase recycle rates, we have started taking actions since July 2019 to set up a customer support framework for printer collection and streamline in-house processes via the CRM system.
Collecting and recycling printers
  Send
Printer collection
Customers
Sales offices, support centers East Japan Maintenance Center
Metals, motors, rubber, plastic, PCB, etc.
• Material recycling • Conversion to RPF*
Printer collection
Dismantle & sort
            Action items
Target contributions
Key indicators
FY 2018 results
FY 2019 targets
FY 2020 targets            Reduce environmental impact of our business activities
Japan Overseas
* Refuse Paper & Plastic Fuel (solid fuel produced from waste).
Reduce Scope 1 & Scope 2 CO2 emissions
CO2 emitted, compared with FY 2013 (t-CO2)
Down 8.0%
Cut by 10%
Cut by 15%
       Reduce Scope 1 & Scope 2 CO2 emissions
(Key production plants)
CO2 emitted, compared with FY 2015 (t-CO2)
Up 15.6%
Cut by 6%
Cut by 10%
Recycling room
Harmony with nature
Parts sorted by material
         23
24
In 2018, SATO joined Japan Climate Leaders’ Partnership (JCLP) as a supporting member to promote renewable energy. JCLP is a group of Japanese companies sharing the common understanding that the industrial sector
Efficient use of resources
In order to realize a sustainable society, we must transform from a linear to a circular economy, in which resources are processed properly and circulated. As a manufacturer, we make it our responsibility to put in efforts for a circular economy.
One of our core businesses is consumables, which uses wood pulp to produce its main product line of labels. This is why we work to protect nature at a global scale in order to conserve biodiversity and restore the environment.
Since March 2014, SATO has been participating in the Forest of Companies project that the Tokyo Development Foundation for Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries promotes as part of its Pollenless Forestation* campaign. We sponsor pockets of forest land in the Tokyo cities of Ome (since 2014) and Akiruno (since 2019), naming these sites “Forests of Ceaseless Creativity” and managing them in our action to protect the forest ecosystem and its water sources. SATO was certified a contributor to the Tokyo
forestation program in October 2016.
We will continue to develop eco-friendly businesses and
take part in forestation programs to enhance environmental awareness in our employees.
* Campaign to replace cedar and
cypress plantations to a new variety
of these trees that release less pol-
len (1/100 of the existing variety). It aims to reduce airborne pollen that causes allergic reactions, while regenerating forests, stabilizing wood supply and revi- talizing the forestry industry.