                                                                                                             
           Today’s work, Tomorrow’s Heritage in 2030 and Beyond.
The Shimizu Group is constantly changing. We will continue to take on every challenge to create new value in the world, extending beyond the boundaries of construction.
ABOUT SHIMIZU
04 Corporate Philosophy
05 Creating Value Over Time
08 Value Creation Story
10 Message from the Top
16 Financial and Non-Financial Highlights
ESG MANAGEMENT AT SHIMIZU
18 Dialog between Professor Taikan Oki and President Kazuyuki Inoue
24 Environment
SHIMZ Beyond Zero 2050 Our New Environmental Vision
26 Contributing to the Global Environment 28 Society
Diversity & Inclusion at Shimizu
30 Optimal Quality and Customer Satisfaction
31 Health and Safety
32 Human Resource Development and Workstyle Reform and Human Rights
33 Strengthening the Supply Chain
Governance
34 The Teachings Shimizu Received from Eiichi Shibusawa
The Analects and the Abacus
36 Risk Management
37 Compliance
38 ESG Important Management Indicators
MESSAGE FROM THE OFFICER
40 1. Mid-Term Digital Strategy 2020
44 2. Progress on the Mid-Term Management Plan
SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS
48 Building Construction Business
50 Civil Engineering Business
52 Overseas Construction Business
54 Investment and Development Business (Real Estate Development Business)
56 Engineering Business
58 LCV
60 Emerging Frontier Business
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
62 Directors, Audit & Supervisory Board Members, and Executive Officers
66 Corporate Governance
DATA COLLECTION
72 Communication with Important Stakeholders
73 Shimizu’s Corporate Social Contribution Activities
74 Ten-Year Highlights (Consolidated)
76 Shimizu Group Company Business Activities    
77 Independent Opinion
78 Global Network
79 Corporate Information/Investor Information
FINANCIAL SECTION
         Inclusion in ESG index
United Nations Global Compact
Awards
81
Financial Section
    Editorial Policy
Shimizu’s Corporate Report describes our vision and the strategy for achieving our vision, as well as business and ESG initiatives. Our goal in issuing this report is to have all our stakeholders gain a better understanding of the Shimizu Group.
The Corporate Report focuses on telling the story of our Company and we have edited it to keep it concise. More detailed information may be viewed on the corporate website and can be accessed through the QR code.
https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/
Reporting Organizations
∙ Head office, branches and group companies in Japan and overseas
∙ Numerical results reflect activities of the head office, domestic branches and sales
offices.
Reporting Timeframe
Mainly fiscal year ended March 31, 2021 (April 2020 to March 2021), includes some activities from earlier and later time periods
Guidelines for Reference
∙ Environmental Reporting Guidelines 2018, Ministry of the Environment
∙ Sustainability Reporting Standards, GRI (Global Reporting Initiative)
∙ International Integrated Reporting Framework, IIRC (International Integrated Reporting
Council)
* QR Code is registered trademark of DENSO WAVE INCORPORATED in Japan and in other countries.
02 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
Information Disclosure System
     Important & concise
Financial Non-financial Information Information
Shimizu Corporate Report
    Detailed & comprehensive
All corporate activities reported on the corporate website
https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/
Reports (to shareholders)
IR meeting presentations Summary financial statements Annual securities reports
IR website: Information
for shareholders and investors https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/company/ir/
Company brochure
stream DEW
Civil Engineering Quarterly Corporate Governance Report
ESG Management website:
ESG activities https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/company/csr/
           Shimizu became a participant signatory in of the UN Global Compact in March 2013.
 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 03

 Corporate Philosophy
Creating Value Over Time
Forging a Path to a New Era through a Spirit of Innovation
Shimizu has provided value that exceeds the expectations of customers for more than 210 years.
We have accomplished this while maintaining the high aspirations of our founder Kisuke Shimizu I in taking a sincere approach to monozukuri craftsmanship and preserving and passing on the enterprising spirit of anticipating the times and taking on new challenges.
1804 ~ 1945 Founding to the end of World War II
Credo/Management Principles
Credo
The Analects and the Abacus
Management Principles
With devotion and a spirit of innovation, we work to create value that exceeds expectations and contribute to
a sustainable tomorrow
Shimizu Group’s Strategy Towards 2030
The Shimizu Group will create new value and contribute to a safe, healthy and sustainable future for everyone by transforming and challenging ourselves beyond construction
and co-creating with diverse partners.
Corporate Slogan
Today’s Work, Tomorrow’s Heritage
We have cultivated what Shimizu stands for throughout our history and will continue to create new history. This slogan expresses the message that we want people around the world to understand.
It is our resolute pledge to reflect that attitude in the performance of all processes,
and in the individual conduct and actions of each and every employee.
Kisuke Shimizu I and Kisuke Shimizu II built the foundation of Shimizu
1804 Kisuke Shimizu I founded the company in Kanda Kajicho, Edo (present day Tokyo)
1838 Kisuke Shimizu I helped to build the west wing of Edo Castle
1849 Kisuke Shimizu I built the Zuishin Gate of Takada Hachiman Shrine
(now Anahachiman Shrine)
in the Ushigome district of Edo
1859 Expanded business in the Yokohama port town Japan’s first fully Western-style hotel
1868 Kisuke Shimizu II completed the Tsukiji Hotel, Japan’s first fully
Western-style hotel
Japan’s first bank
1872 Kisuke Shimizu II built The Dai-Ichi National Bank (the former
Mitsui-gumi House), Japan’s first bank
Tokyo Mokkoujou Arts & Crafts Furnishings established to pass on woodworking techniques handed down from the craftsmen of old
1884 Shimizu opened its own woodworking factory (present day Tokyo Mokkoujou Arts & Crafts
Furnishings) in Kiba, Koto-ku, Tokyo, the only such factory owned by a major construction company
Shimizu opened the first design department in the construction industry
1886 The drafting department, which was the predecessor of the Design Division, was established to develop designers skilled in Western architecture
Shimizu hired Eiichi Shibusawa as an advisor and put The Analects and the Abacus into practice as the basis of management
1887 The teachings of the entrepreneur Eiichi Shibusawa in The Analects and the Abacus was designated as the basis for management policy and the business was managed
in accordance with its tenet that ethics and economics were compatible
Built Japan’s first full steel frame building
1910 Completed the headquarter building for Nihonbashi Maruzen Head Office, Japan’s first full steel frame building, in Nihonbashi
Began full-scale entrance into civil engineering
1936 Shimizu built its first full dam, and completed the Yasuoka power plant for
Yahagi Hydroelectric (now owned by Chubu Electric Power Co., Inc.)
Established the construction industry’s first R&D organization
1944 Established the research department in the Design Division, which was the predecessor to the Institute of Technology, as the first in the industry
            The two Kisuke’s laid the foundation for Shimizu Corporation
Kisuke Shimizu I, who was born in Toyama Prefecture, founded the company in 1804 in the Kanda Kajicho district of Edo (now Tokyo). From the moment he founded the company, he brought a strong resolve and a passion for monozukuri. He earned the trust of his customers by doing his work with integrity and devotion. He built a strong business base and attracted customers by using the company’s superior technology and management skills. This led to projects such as managing of the reconstruction of the West Wing of Edo-castle in 1838. Kisuke Shimizu II, who succeeded Kisuke Shimizu I, built the Tsukiji Hotel, Japan’s first western-style hotel in the Tsukiji district where foreigners lived, at his own expense. He managed the hotel after it was completed in 1868. He then went on to design and build the Daiichi National Bank (the former home of the Mitsui Group) and the Mitsui-gumi Exchange Bank, which were representative of early Meiji period architecture. Kisuke Shimizu II used his spirit of enterprise, advanced technical skills, and the trust he cultivated in these and other projects to further build the foundations of the company.
Kisuke Shimizu I
Kisuke Shimizu II
Our Heritage (Japanese only)
https://www.shimz.co.jp/heritage/
    04 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 05
       ABOUT SHIMIZU ESG MANAGEMENT AT SHIMIZU MESSAGE FROM THE OFFICER SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

 Creating Value Over Time
Forging a Path to a New Era through a Spirit of Innovation
From post-war recovery to establishing a firm position 1946 ~ 2000 in the general construction industry
2001 Onward Toward the future of the construction industry
  Management reform - modernization of management
1948 Company name changed from Shimizu Gumi to Shimizu Corporation 1962 Listed on the first section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange
Took on the challenge of a never attempted suspension roof construction — National Indoor General Stadium, Main Gymnasium (now Yoyogi National Gymnasium)
1964 Built a sports arena for the Games of the XVIII Olympiad in Tokyo used
a suspension roof structure unprecedented in the world at that time to create the complex curve of the roof exterior
Built Japan’s first in-ground LNG storage tank as a leader
in the new era of energy
1970 Built Japan’s first in-ground LNG storage tank (capacity of 10,000 kl) at the Negishi LNG Terminal of Tokyo Gas Co, Ltd., as the introduction of green energy progressed
Established a new real estate headquarters and entered the
developer business
1971 Established a new real estate headquarters and entered the developer business with the Shinmatsudo New Town Project
Pursuing full-scale globalization
1974 Opened a sales office in Singapore
Supported traditional Japanese architecture
Performed construction on DN Tower 21 (Dai-Ichi Life and Norinchukin Bank buildings) to preserve and renovate famous pre-war architecture
Using Shimizu’s technological strengths in initiatives targeting environmental problems
Heisei shrine renewal at Izumo Taisha, a national treasure, completed
2013 Shimizu was in charge of preservation and repair work on 14 buildings during the renewal of the Izumo Grand Shrine for the first time in 60 years. The main shrine and other buildings designatedasimportantculturaltreasureswereincludedamongthebuildingsrenovated
Building renovation fusing traditional skills and the latest technology ― GINZA KABUKIZA
2013 Built a multipurpose complex consisting of the low-rise KABUKIZA and the KABUKIZA TOWER, a high-rise office building. It was built by combining the wisdom of the traditional master carpenters of the old Kabukiza with BIM modern technology
(Photo provided by Shochiku Co., Ltd. and Kabuki Za)
Creating a new town in an area devastated by the Great East Japan Earthquake Earthquake restoration project on the coast of Miyagi and Iwate Prefectures
1988-1995
First case of redevelopment that achieved both preservation of historical value and renovation to create a state-of-the-art office building in an area designated by the Tokyo Metropolitan Government as an area with architectural structures of historical value
     Built the Tokyo Bay Aqua-Line Expressway, which galvanized logistics in the Greater Tokyo Area
Efforts to strengthen monozukuri aimed at the 200th anniversary of the company’s founding
2003 Completed construction of the new main building of the Institute of Technology as part of a project to commemorate the 200th anniversary of the company’s founding
The challenge of lifting up the steel frame trusses for a large roof, a first in the world — Changi Airport Terminal 3
2007
Built a new airport terminal in Singapore, an important economic center in Asia. The method of lifting up steel frame trusses measuring 300 meters wide and 215 m deep, was a first in the world
2008 Announced the corporate slogan of “Today’s Work, Tomorrow’s Heritage” First lecture presented in the Shimizu Open Academy public lecture course
Received first international Emporis Skyscraper Award in Japan for construction of a high-rise building
— Mode Gakuen Cocoon Tower
2008
Created a complex cocoon-shaped building exterior through advanced simulation technology using a 3D system
Aiming for a society in which people can live comfortably and securely
2011 Performed damage survey and mounted recovery activities for the Great East Japan Earthquake
2012
The headquarter building in Kyobashi, Chuo-ku, Tokyo was completed. It is equipped with facilities that save energy (eco) during routine operation and respond flexibly to BCP during an emergency. Seismic isolation devices were installed beneath the building and it can also serve as a local disaster center to accommodate people who cannot return home when a disaster occurs
1995-1997
Connecting Kawasaki City in Kanagawa Prefecture to Kisarazu City in Chiba Prefecture, the expressway was built to galvanize transportation in the Greater Tokyo Area
Shimizu built the tunnel and Umihotaru sections, which were the world’s largest shield tunnel construction project at the time
2002
Developed the world’s first concrete materials recycling system
Built a soil washing plant for practical use at a Kawasaki site, and began operations
     with the latest technology at the time
— Major Showa-era renovation of the Daibutsuden (Great Buddha Hall) at Todaiji Temple
1980
Renovated the National Museum of Western Art with Japan’s first seismic retrofitting
Communicating the spirit and techniques of craftsmanship to the next generation
2017 Monozukuri Training Center opened as a venue for systematically learning the basics of monozukuri (craftsmanship)
Changing the way work is done at construction sites in the future
2017 Developed Shimz Smart Site, an AI-based next-generation production system Aiming for business opportunities that create new value
2017 LCV Headquarters established with the goal of creating new value in facilities and infrastructure
2018 New Emerging Frontiers Division established to pursue market research and technological
development in the ocean, space, and other frontiers with the aim of early commercialization
2019 SHIMZ VISION 2030, our new long-term vision
2021 “SHIMZ Beyond Zero 2050” Shimizu Group’s New Environmental Vision
1998
The main building of the museum, which was designed by Le Corbusier and built by Shimizu in 1959, was renovated with seismic retrofitting
2014 onward
Contributed to development of new towns by raising the land elevation in areas that were damaged by flooding from the tsunami in the cities of Ishinomaki and Kesennuma in Miyagi Prefecture and Rikuzentakata in Iwate Prefecture
  Replaced the approximately 130,000 tiles on the massive roof, which covers an area of 7,900 m2, over the course of six years, beginning in 1974
 06
Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 07
       ABOUT SHIMIZU ESG MANAGEMENT AT SHIMIZU MESSAGE FROM THE OFFICER SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

  Value Creation Story
SHIMZ VISION 2030
Smart Innovation Company
 Creating value that anticipates the times
by continually transforming and challenging ourselves and co-creating with diverse partners
a Resilient society
Where everyone can feel safe and secure
      The Shimizu Group formulated SHIMZ VISION 2030 as the vision
we are striving for 2030.
We aim to be a Smart Innovation Company by integrating innovations in the three areas of business structure, technology, and talent.
At present, we are implementing the Mid-Term
Management Plan to achieve our vision.
Talent
Fusing the Innovations
an Inclusive society
Where all people can live together in comfort and health
a Sustainable society
Where future generations can inherit a well-cared for environment
           We will contribute to the 17 SDGs (Sustainable Development Goals) by providing value through innovation
Realizing a resilient society
With the heightened risk of natural disasters such as earthquakes, super-typhoons and torrential rain, there is
an ever-increasing need to protect lives and businesses.
■ Building strong and resilient infrastructure ■ Extending the life of the built-environment
■ Disaster prevention & mitigation technology ■ Disseminate ecoBCP*
* Facilities and urban development concepts that can effect both saving measures for normal operation (eco), and business continuity planning (BCP) for emergencies.
Realizing an inclusive society
With rapid changes such as aging, population decline and urbanization, the future requires a society where
anyone can live safely and comfortably.
■ Urban development utilizing ICT ■ Use of universal design
■ Provide built-environments that enhance ■ Expand the fields of human activity (to the oceans and space)
health and well-being
Realizing a sustainable society
As global warming, deforestation and environmental pollution become more serious, we must increase efforts
to leave behind an bountiful earth for the next generation.
■ Use of sustainable energy ■ Promotion of energy-saving, energy creation and ZEB
Targeted Goals
(net zero energy building) facilities
activities ■ Conservation of the natural environment and biodiversity
■ CO2 emissions reduction in all business
  Technology
Mid-Term Management Plan of Shimizu Group <2019-2023>
Business Structure
 I. Construction Business
Transform our construction business
Respond to the business environment & maximize company capabilities
Strengthen profitability of overseas construction business
Building Construction Civil Engineering
Overseas Construction
Technology Development and Digital Strategy
Global Expansion
Collaboration & Synergy
II. Non-construction Businesses
Create value beyond our core businesses Focus investment in growth areas Optimize business and regional portfolios
     Real Estate Development LCV
Engineering Frontier Business
    III. Management Foundations
Corporate Value
SHIMIZ VISION 2030
https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/company/about/strategy/index.html#sec3
Contribution to SDGs
Mid-Term Management Plan of Shimizu Group <2019-2023>
https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/company/about/strategy/index.html#sec4
   Talent Development and Working Style Reform
Strengthened Supply Chain and Group Management
   08 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 09
ESG-based Management
         ABOUT SHIMIZU ESG MANAGEMENT AT SHIMIZU MESSAGE FROM THE OFFICER SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

 Message from the Top
Adapting to the “New Normal”, and delivering a sustainable future through safe and secure buildings, structures and services to the world.
—Aiming to be a frontrunner in the environment and digital fields—
I would first like to express my prayers for those who have lost their lives to COVID-19, the swift recovery of those receiving medical care for the virus, and my heartfelt gratitude to all healthcare providers, essential workers, and others who are maintaining the social infrastructure that supports our lives. I also express my respect for everyone working on the frontlines of manufacturing and construction as the virus continues to spread globally. Although control of COVID-19 is not yet in sight, Shimizu is working to meet the expectations of our customers and many stakeholders and to restore vitality to communities; we are concurrently prioritizing measures to prevent infection and protect the lives and safety of employees of the Shimizu Group and its subcontractors.
This COVID-19 pandemic has led to major changes in the values and behavior of people. The demands of society have changed substantially. Workstyles and business models are also under- going great transformation. In the Shimizu Group, we do not see COVID-19 only as a problem; we also see it as an opportunity. We are responding agilely and are engaging in activities aimed at corporate transformation in the post-COVID-19, “New Normal” environment. Shimizu is pursuing bold innovation, but not change for change’s sake. We are also focusing on enhancing and improv- ing things that we must not change, such as placing importance on communication, which can be insufficient in an “online” world.
Shimizu will determine the essential nature of what must and what must not be changed, and then take on the challenge of transforming the company and enhancing corporate value.
President and Director
 10 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 11
       ABOUT SHIMIZU ESG MANAGEMENT AT SHIMIZU MESSAGE FROM THE OFFICER SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

 Message from the Top
Management Outlook and Future Strategy
As we continually strengthen our business competitiveness, Shimizu will focus on investing management resources in promising growth markets.
Consolidated performance of the Shimizu Group in fiscal year ended March 31, 2021 (fiscal 2020) resulted in a decline in both net sales and profit. Net sales were 1,456.4 billion yen (down 14.2% YoY), ordinary income was 105.4 billion yen (down 23.6% YoY), and net income attributable to shareholders of the corporation was 77.1 billion yen (down 22.0% YoY). We expect the severe business environment to persist in fiscal 2021, due to the trend of increasingly intense competition over orders, as well as the impact from the prolonged COVID-19 pandemic. To secure fiscal targets, the Shimizu Group needs to hone its technological and proposal capabilities to an even finer degree. At the same time, it is important to improve our sales capabilities as well so that we do not compete on cost only. As a leading company in the industry, Shimizu will act according to industry standards and obtain orders based on appropriate prices and construction terms. This will lead to increased income and improved conditions for the skilled workers who sup- port the construction industry, increasing the attractiveness of the industry as a whole.
There have been many changes in the external environment envisioned in SHIMZ VISION 2030, our long-term vision for 2030, and the Mid-Term Management Plan <2019-2023>, which we formulated as the first phase of our long-term vision. The COVID-19 pandemic is having a substantial impact on the order environment and smooth execution of construction work, mainly in our overseas business. Looking ahead, we must first achieve the goals of our long-term vision and Mid-Term Management Plan. It is also essential that we work to achieve a rapid recovery in the earning power of our core construction business and accelerate the innovation in our business structure to make real estate development, engineering, and other non-construction businesses drivers of growth. Shimizu will also focus on establishing and securing a new revenue structure. We will strengthen Group management, engage in strategic open innovation and collaboration with different industries, and set our sights on M&A and other avenues of external growth, in both the construction and non-construction businesses.
As the needs of customers become increasingly diverse and complex, Shimizu has the ability to identify our customer’s real needs and realize them in concrete form. We will con- tinue to push ahead on the never-ending challenge of strengthening business competitive- ness. In the construction business, our basic focus is on focused investment of resources into areas and segments where high-value projects are anticipated. We will work vigorously on capturing changes in the market, gaining new customers, and developing technologies in promising growth areas. This same idea applies to non-construction business areas as well. As stated in the Mid-Term Digital Strategy 2020, which we formulated last year, we want to actively use digital technology, both in the construction business and to provide services after construction is completed, and make digital transformation (DX) a pillar of long-term growth.
From a long-term perspective, Shimizu believes that sustainability of the global environ- ment, co-existing harmoniously with nature, and enhancing governance are the major foundations underlying the sustained growth of our company.
ESG has increasingly become the subject of focus in recent years, both in evalu- ating companies, and as a decision-making criteria for investor activities. The Shimizu Group states the pursuit of ESG management as a basic policy in the Mid-Term Management Plan <2019-2023>. We will continue to pursue this in business activities and further raise the awareness of each and every Group employee concerning the global environment, society, and corporate sustainability.
Environment (E):
Contributing to a Sustainable Global Environment
The Japanese government has declared that Japan will reduce total domestic green- house gas emissions to zero and achieve carbon neutrality by 2050. The Shimizu Group also practices low environmental impact in business activities as well as environmental creation and restoration in each business process. We also believe that it will not be possible to achieve carbon neutrality by 2050 unless companies in the private sector take the lead with serious action. Shimizu established a new Environmental Strategy Office this fiscal year to vigorously pursue concrete measures. We are also pursuing proactive environmental management based on SHIMZ Beyond Zero 2050, the Group environment vision announced in June of this year. In addition to developing proprietary technologies, we will pursue more collaboration with other companies, organizations, and research institutions, and harness our collective power to achieve carbon neutral- ity. Considering the risks of climate change, Shimizu has endorsed the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations since last fiscal year. We have also analyzed the risks and opportunities related to climate change and are taking this a step further by building an environmental governance structure for the entire Shimizu Group, including our main suppliers. We will use this governance struc- ture in future business activities.
 Pursuing ESG Management
Shimizu will continue to develop a balanced approach to ESG management, increasing the trust of all stakeholders and enhancing medium to long-term corporate value and growth.
   We will also work to strengthen the supply chain and contribute to the development of the entire construction industry.
12 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 13
      ABOUT SHIMIZU ESG MANAGEMENT AT SHIMIZU MESSAGE FROM THE OFFICER SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

 Message from the Top
Social (S):
Co-existing harmoniously with all stakeholders
The mission of the Shimizu Group is to provide value that exceeds the expectations of customers and thereby improve customer satisfaction. We will respect human rights, implement initiatives in workstyle reform, pursue diversity and inclusion, and co-exist harmoniously with local communities as the foundation for achieving our mission.
Our chairman, Yoichi Miyamoto, became the chairperson of the Japan Federation of Construction Contractors from this fiscal year. I also serve as the vice chairperson of the Federation, and am in charge of promoting widespread use of the construction “Career-up” system for appropriately evaluating the experience and abilities of skilled construction workers. We recognize that initiatives that improve treatment of skilled jobsite workers is an urgent issue for the entire construction industry and we are lead- ing the industry in pursuing such initiatives. We are also striving to achieve real job sat- isfaction for women, rather than pursuing only numbers and percentages in promoting their advancement. For example, Shimizu is promoting the participation of men of in childcare by fostering a corporate culture in which men take childcare leave as a mat- ter of course. We think this will facilitate the advancement of women in the workforce. Shimizu actively pursues diversity and inclusion to contribute to increasing the happi- ness of everyone involved in the construction industry.
Governance (G):
Thorough compliance and stronger risk management
Shimizu established The Analects and the Abacus as our corporate credo. It contains the teachings of Eiichi Shibusawa, whom Shimizu retained as an advisor to provide guidance on management. These teachings assert the principle of the compatibility of ethics and economics. This principle courses through the “sincere monozukuri (superb craftsmanship)” and “customer-oriented” spirit valued by our founder, Kisuke Shimizu I. It is a globally accepted principle that is also compatible with the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). Our officers and employees strive to cultivate an ethical mindset by practicing The Analects and the Abacus in daily activities. We will continue our efforts to be a group in which legal and ethical compliance permeates every aspect of our company.
Shimizu has also established a governance structure as the foundation for fair and transparent business activities, and works to strengthen management of risks, includ- ing investment risk, geopolitical risk, and risks associated with natural disasters.
To our stakeholders:
The Shimizu Group intrinsically takes part in disaster prevention and mitigation, improv- ing national resilience, and other social missions assumed by the construction industry. We will also contribute to fields beyond the existing boundaries of the construction business by creating value that anticipates the future: the realization of a resilient soci- ety where everyone can feel safe and secure, an inclusive society where all people can live together in comfort and health, and a sustainable society where future generations can inherit a well-cared for environment. As members of our family, the cooperation of everyone in the Shimizu Group supply chain is essential to realize these goals. We value the bonds we have cultivated in the past and will advance together toward realiz- ing a sustainable future society.
We also think it is important to respond diligently to every request and opinion from our many stakeholders to achieve those goals. And it is important to respond to all stake- holders fairly and in the same manner, without favoring one over others. While there will probably be instances in which we must respond to multiple conflicting requests and opin- ions, we intend to put public interests first and self-interest second, and aim to maximize collective satisfaction.
Shimizu intends to work together with stakeholders in responding appropriately to the changing times, and I ask you for your continued support.
   iety.
14 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 15
Shimizu aims to realize a sustainable future soc
      ABOUT SHIMIZU ESG MANAGEMENT AT SHIMIZU MESSAGE FROM THE OFFICER SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

 Financial and Non-Financial Highlights
The Shimizu Group in FY2020
Construction orders awarded
Net sales
Improve productivity
Improve productivity in the construction business (vs. FY2016)
12.3% (Fiscal 2020 results)
We established the percentage improvement in productivity in the construction business (compared to fiscal 2016) as a KPI because we recognize this as an especially important indicator from the perspectives of improvement in the work environment and addressing the medium and long-term labor shortage, apart from the ESG perspective.
Environmental (E)
Reduce CO2 emissions in the construction business (vs. FY2017)*1
25.2% (Fiscal 2020 results)
We have established long-term targets for the percentage reduction in CO2 emissions in the construction business (compared to fiscal 2017) in 2030 and 2050 in Ecological Mission 2030–2050. An interim numerical target for 2023 has also been set to make steady progress on and monitor the various measures.
  ¥1,252.0
(Billions of yen)
2,000 1,500 1,000
billion
¥1,456.4
(Billions of yen)
billion
          500 00
1,252.0
2,000
1,500 1,456.4 1,000
500
  2016 2017
Ordinary income
¥105.4 billion (Billions of yen)
2018
2019
2020
(FY)
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 (FY)
Net income attributable to shareholders of the Corporation/ROE
Fiscal 2023 Target
20.0% or higher Social (S)
Improve employee satisfaction scores*2
3.75
(Fiscal 2020 results)
Main Related SDGs
Fiscal 2023 Target
10.0% or higher Governance (G)
Number of serious legal violations
0
(Fiscal 2020 results)
Main Related SDGs
       Net income
100 75 50 25 0
ROE
10.0%
(%)
20
15 10.0% 10 5 0
  200 150 100
50 0
Net assets
2016
2017
2018
2019
105.4
2020
(FY)
¥77.1billion (Billions of yen)
2016 2017
Total assets/Equity ratio
Total assets
2018
billion
2019
77.1
2020
               (FY)
%
42.7% (%) 1,908.6 40
30 20 10
The job satisfaction indicator consists of three questions on the awareness survey of all Shimizu employees: 1) relationships of trust in the workplace, 2) job satisfaction, and 3) mental and physical health. It is calculated by taking the average of ratings by all employees on a 5-point scale.
The number of serious legal violations is naturally an indicator that we must achieve, but we have established this as an indicator to make clear our resolve and to point everyone in the company in the same direction.
    ¥821.4
(Billions of yen)
¥1,908.6
(Billions of yen)
Equity ratio
42.7
Fiscal 2023 Target
4.0
Main Related SDGs
Fiscal 2023 Target
0
Main Related SDGs
  billion
  821.4
          16
Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 17
800
600 1,500 400 1,000 200 500
000
2,000
or higher
   *1 : Targets for Shimizu Ecology Mission 2030-2050 activities
*2 : Scores from the Shimizu Japan employee awareness survey (average of 5-level ratings)
  2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 (FY) 2016 2017 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
2018 2019 2020 (FY)
      ABOUT SHIMIZU ESG MANAGEMENT AT SHIMIZU MESSAGE FROM THE OFFICER SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

Special Contents
 Kazuyuki Inoue
President and Representative Director
Taikan Oki
Special Advisor to President, the University of Tokyo Professor, Institute of Industrial Science, The University of Tokyo
  Shimizu Initiatives Aimed at Achieving Zero-carbon Communities
Natural disasters caused by global warming have increased around the world recently. The Paris Agreement sets out a global framework to avoid climate change by limiting global warming to below 2oC, compared to the pre-industrial era. Taking action on that is an urgent issue. Last year, Japanese government declared that Japan will aim for carbon neutral by achieving overall net zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050. We invited Professor Taikan Oki from the Institute of Industrial Science at The University of Tokyo to engage in a dialog with our president, Kazuyuki Inoue, on initiatives aimed at achieving zero-carbon communities, and other topics.
The significance of corporate initiatives in environmental management
INOUE Climate change is affecting us in many ways, global warm- ing, deforestation, marine pollution etc. and they are getting worse every year. Now we must answer the question of how much of the abundant earth we will leave to the next generation. From the time the 2005 Kyoto Protocol came into force, Shimizu formulated our Ecological Mission to mount a comprehensive response to energy conservation and reducing CO2 emissions. We have implemented business activities that take the global environment into consid- eration from a relatively early stage. The twenty-first session of the Conference of the Parties (COP 21) was held at the United Nations Climate Change Conference in Paris in 2015. In addition to reaching this critical global turning point, the Japan Federation of Construction Contractors set the medium-term goal of a 25% reduc- tion in CO2 emissions generated during construction per base unit in 2030, compared to 1990. Shimizu also seized the opportunity pre- sented by these efforts to formulate Ecological Mission 2030–2050, containing our medium and long-term goals, in 2016. In order for the company to strive for sustainable growth, we feel that we must link our response to the issue of climate change to opportunities for growth, rather than simply responding as a matter of corporate social responsibility. I think that companies are grappling with envi- ronmental management in many ways, but what are your thoughts when looking at those efforts, Professor Oki?
TAIKAN OKI
1989: M.Eng.,Dept.ofCivilEngineering,University of Tokyo
2006: Professor, Institute of Industrial Science, The University of Tokyo
2016: Senior Vice-Rector, United Nations University. Assistant Secretary-General, United Nations. (Cross appointments)
2017: Special Advisor to President, the University of Tokyo
2018: Professor, Institute of Industrial Science, The University of Tokyo
 18 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 19
      ABOUT SHIMIZU ESG MANAGEMENT AT SHIMIZU MESSAGE FROM THE OFFICER SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

Special Contents
OKI I think the fact that Shimizu has formulated medium and long-term goals for reducing CO2 emissions is extremely import- ant. In the past, many companies were managing based on what they think they should do in the next quarter or next year, and not many talked about the next decade. There are probably many who feel that initiatives aimed at solving environmental problems are forced upon them, in the same manner as CSR and other such activities. However, I think the fact that the concept of back casting has become the typical approach when considering global environmental issues is likely having a good impact. Such back casting involves thinking about the technologies companies will present to show their value to society 10 years from now, or in 2050, then working backward from that vision to determine what they should be doing now to reduce CO2 emissions. Achieving both reduction in CO2 emissions and economic growth sometimes do not work on the business term. But when you think about it, the construction industry is creating high quality facilities in a reasonable cost despite the limitations imposed by land, funds, carry-in routes, and other obstacles. Reduction in greenhouse gas emissions just adds one more limitation on top of them. I think
we have entered an age in which companies and organizations that can overcome those limitations will rise to the top and those who cannot overcome them will be weeded out. Companies that actively confront problems and overcome them will likely still exist as market players 20 to 30 years from now. While contributing to society is one part of environmental management, companies, society, and the environment are in a win-win relationship in the sense a company’s activities to make the company sustainable improve society and also improve the environment. I feel it is important to engage in environmental management precisely because it is for the main business, not just because it contrib- utes to society.
INOUE Some of our employees still feel that they are being forced to respond to environmental problems and do not understand how they tie into their own business. However, I think we can find ways to clearly show employees that pursuing environmental management will ultimately lead to improvement in corporate performance.
Response to climate change is a global issue. We must firmly grapple with this from the perspective of corporate social
responsibility. I also want to heighten the awareness of how this equals business in management.
Moreover, when we tackle one environmental problem, it causes many repercussions. For example, when we try to reduce CO2 emissions at construction sites, we will never be able to achieve this by doing the same things we are doing now. We need to innovate in various ways and they produce secondary benefits such as increasing productivity.
OKI That makes sense. It results in revising various aspects, doesn’t it?
INOUE Yes, and as president, I have developed a keen sense of that.
Providing buildings and services that generate less CO2
OKI What types of initiatives are you implementing to achieve carbon neutrality?
INOUE In SHIMZ VISION 2030, the long-term vision we formu- lated in May 2019, we raised “A sustainable society where future generations can inherit a well-cared for environment” as value that Shimizu provides to society. This fiscal year, we went further and formulated SHIMZ Beyond Zero 2050 as our new Group envi- ronmental vision for achieving a sustainable society. We resolved to actively provide positive environmental value to customers and communities, or in other words, reach “Beyond Zero” by 2050, rather than simply achieving a net zero negative impact from Shimizu’s business activities. We are working to increase the number of energy efficient buildings and net zero energy buildings (ZEB), in particular. We also installed state-of-the-art environmen- tal technologies in the new Hokuriku Branch office building we just completed this year.
Shimizu is also focusing on the renewable energy deployment, and we are building onshore wind farms and other renewable energy facilities in addition to our solar power business. Shimizu is building the world’s largest SEP (Self-Elevating Platform) vessel in the offshore, which has been the hot topic lately. We are also pursuing research on hydrogen use.
These are the initiatives we are enlisting the whole company in to reduce CO2 emissions and achieve zero-carbon communities. What are your thoughts on these issues?
OKI The damage caused by global warming does not affect everyone equally. When viewed from a short-term perspective, people think it is best to have other people reduce CO2, while doing nothing themselves. However, companies can no longer avoid reducing CO2 emissions because institutional investors are demanding it. In Shimizu’s case, you are not only reducing
CO2 emissions from your own company. You are also operating a business in constructing buildings and social infrastructure, so the contributions from providing structures and services that emit less CO2 to society is larger. And the buildings and other facilities Shimizu builds will probably still be used in 2050. You mention zero emissions, but the question of whether the types of build- ings you are building now are good for that is a check point, and Shimizu should propose the way they should be built. That is the interesting part about the construction industry and I think it is the industry’s responsibility.
Moving on from “being forced to” to “we must do”
OKI It is said that CO2 emissions decreased around 7% overall worldwide last year due to the impact from the COVID-19 pandemic. And the question is what we should do to have an even greater reduction next year.
INOUE It will be quite tough.
OKI One means is to replace buildings and equipment with ones that are able to reduce CO2 naturally, without users even being aware of it. Moreover, a higher percentage of energy generated from renewable energy means that we can reduce CO2 emissions even if we use the same amount of electricity as we have before. I look forward to the contributions that Shimizu will make to achieving that sort of society.
INOUE I think the Japanese government’s declaration that Japan will achieve carbon neutrality in 2050 is a very big deal. I think we will see progress on the issue of reducing CO2 emissions with this declaration and feel that is an encouragement for us as an individ- ual private company. Now is the chance for getting onboard with this trend. It will become very difficult to achieve a sustainable society unless everyone in the world gets on board.
OKI If you show your sincere intentions, I think all Shimizu employees will also change their mindset from “being forced to” to “we must do”.
INOUE Absolutely. It is essential for every employee to truly have that mindset in order to achieve a sustainable society. By the way, are there certain technologies you are focusing on for reducing CO2 emissions?
OKI I thought Japan would move toward energy self-sufficiency if measures to prevent global warming increased renewable energy sources, but that is quite an ambitious task. For example, if energy is generated in a country with a lot of land like Australia and then transported to Japan, I think hydrogen would be surprisingly effec- tive at reducing CO2 emissions.
INOUE I agree. We also think hydrogen usage will be an import- ant technology in the future. Another key will be storage batteries
 20 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 21
      ABOUT SHIMIZU ESG MANAGEMENT AT SHIMIZU MESSAGE FROM THE OFFICER SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

 Special Contents
to utilize that hydrogen technology. It is said that stable electric power will not be achieved with renewable energy in Japan, given its limited land. But I think the scenario will change if dramatic progress on storage battery technology makes it possible to stock- pile electricity. Japan and many companies are currently working diligently on developing the technology. Shimizu also partnered with the National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology (AIST) and we are working on developing technology such as Hydro Q-BiC. It is a hydrogen energy utilization system for buildings that converts surplus electricity from renewable energy to hydrogen and extracts it when needed to generate electricity. We installed it for the first time in our new Hokuriku Branch office building, which I mentioned before.
Achieving a Resilient Society
INOUE Recently the intensification of natural disasters caused by global warming is becoming a severe problem. So-called once-in- a-century rains are falling almost every year, and that is causing inundation, flooding, high tides, landslides, and other disasters. As a construction company, we must respond diligently on restoration and recovery, so we will continue developing technologies to respond to such disasters.
In October 2019, Typhoon Hagibis made landfall in the Kanto area and the heavy rainfall nearly filled the Yamba Dam, where a flooding test was being conducted, in one night. It prevented the downstream flooding, so I think it changed the opinion of the pub- lic to thinking that the dam was needed.
Shimizu wants to build social infrastructure that protects public safety while also incorporating the concept of “green infra- structure,” which utilizes the diverse functions and systems found in nature.
OKI There is hardly any doubt about the fact that climate change due to global warming will increase the amount of rain that falls in a short time span. Forecasts also project an increase in large
typhoons and say it will track a slightly more easterly route, so we must prepare for that. Dam construction impacts the local commu- nity and people, as well as ecosystems, but I think that we should construct dams if desired by the local community, while minimizing their negative environmental and social impacts. As the population declines, the problem of the expense will make it difficult to build infrastructure so I think it is important to build what we can now.
Moreover, a great deal of work is performed outdoors in the construction industry, so heavy rainfall is naturally a concern, and heatstroke from rising temperatures is also a concern. That lowers the performance efficiency of our workers. In that sense, I think the construction industry is an industry that is easily affected by global warming.
INOUE That is true. Summers have been abnormally hot recently and this has been very tough for those who work at jobsites.
Shimizu has built and begun to use the Shimz Smart Site sys- tem at jobsites. This is a next-generation system which people and autonomous robots collaborate in performing construction. A “Light Weight All-weather Cover” protects the entire building. It provides a work environment that is not exposed to direct sunlight and does not impose a burden on the workers.
Targeting the sustainability of Shimizu first
INOUE Lastly, I would like to ask you things that will be required for companies in the future.
Investors are demanding that companies analyze and disclose the medium and long-term impact of climate change on their businesses. Shimizu views the impact of climate change on our business as an important management issue. We also believe that it is necessary and essential to disclose relevant information from an ESG perspective. We therefore endorsed the TCFD recommen- dations and joined the TCFD consortium. We are also analyzing the impact of climate change on our business and disclosing the resulting information.
To fund construction and development of environmentally friendly buildings that conserve energy, Shimizu issues green bonds, which are only issued for green projects that contribute to solving environmental problems. In March of this year, we also took out a sustainability-linked loan with a rate that varies accord- ing to the achievement of environmental performance goals. Thus, Shimizu keeps environmental management in mind on the finan- cial front as well.
Professor Oki, could you tell me your thoughts on achieving carbon neutrality in 2050 and what will required of companies to achieve a net zero-carbon society?
OKI The trend toward investors demanding ESG management of companies has grown increasingly strong in recent years. However, I think they are making such demands from the perspec- tive of the best possible investments, more than demanding this to make the world better. To explain it differently, they are excluding companies from consideration as investment candidates if they do not know whether those companies will exist in 2050. I also think investors are casting quite a severe eye on companies that will exist in thirty years but have not drawn a roadmap to get there, as to whether they are suitable candidates.
Companies must first make themselves sustainable because it would be sad if society was sustainable but the company could not survive in it. And must be creative in thinking about solutions to global environmental issues. I think the process itself is also important in grappling with such issues.
INOUE Right. So you are saying that companies will not be con- sidered for investment if they cannot delineate a vision for the future.
OKI Exactly, It is extremely difficult to achieve zero carbon so I think companies and organizations that can solve that problem will survive and those who avoid it will be forced to exit. However, companies must change technologies, goods, services, and infrastructure in order to achieve carbon neutrality. As you stated, there are many things that the construction industry can do. Organizations that can accomplish these things first and efficiently will have the advantage. I am expecting that you will be competi- tive in those areas and do well on that.
INOUE Yes, I hear you. Responding to environmental issues and natural disasters is probably one means of survival for Shimizu. It would consequently also stabilize society and the world at large, and lead to a secure society. It is probably better to think of it as a gate that the company must pass through to reach perpetual con- tinuity in the future, rather than as a response to environmental issues.
In Shimizu’s new environmental vision, we have adopted the stance of contributing to the realization of the sustainable society targeted in the sustainable development goals (SDGs), and we are accelerating initiatives aimed at achieving a zero carbon, resource recycling society that coexists in harmony with nature. Our goal for reducing CO2 emissions is also a 100% reduction in CO2 emis- sions (to zero) by 2050. Achieving this goal will take a monumental effort, but we also need to think of this positively as a transit point enroute to achieving sustainability of our company.
OKI I think it would be fine to communicate to employees that this is something that the company must do, due to external pressure. That would be far more constructive than undertaking the effort with reluctance.
INOUE This year marks the 218th anniversary of Shimizu’s founding. The year 2050 is about thirty years from now, and we will continue to diligently tackle the whole range of environmental issues, including decarbonization, so Shimizu will still exist at that time. I would like to benefit from your advice again in the future. Thank you for coming today.
22 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 23
        ABOUT SHIMIZU ESG MANAGEMENT AT SHIMIZU MESSAGE FROM THE OFFICER SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

 ESG Management at Shimizu
  Future we want to fully realize
           Zero-carbon society
● Zero CO2 emissions from Shimizu’s workplaces and offices
● Contribute to a zero-carbon society through the supply chain by zero CO2 emissions from the operation of buildings designed and built by Shimizu
● Drive progress toward a zero-carbon society through technological innovation and generating power from renewable energy
Zero negative impact from Shimizu’s business activities
Beyond Zero Providing environmental value to customers and society
   ● Contribute to resource recycling over the Resource recycling ● Zero final waste from Shimizu’s entire lifecycle of a building from society business procurement of materials through
dismantling
  Society that coexisits harmoniously with nature
● Zero negative impact from Shimizu’s business on nature
● Add to biodiversity and contribute to sustainable coexistence with nature through the introduction of green infrastructure
  Zero-carbon society
Hydro Q-BiC®* Hydrogen Energy Utilization System for Buildings
Hydrogen is the ultimate in green energy. Hydro Q-BiC® is a system manufactures hydrogen from surplus electricity generated by solar power, stores it, and supplies electricity from fuel cells when a build- ing’s electricity demand increases. It makes it possible to conserve energy without wasting any electricity.
* Hydro Q-BiC® is a registered trademark of Shimizu Corporation in Japan.
  SHIMZ
Beyond Zero 2050
Our New
Environmental Vision
Shimizu formulated a new environmental vision.
The word “Beyond” incorporates the meaning of pro- viding positive environmental value to customers and society that extends beyond just a zero negative impact from the company’s own business activities, and the desire to create abundance Beyond Zero.
Shimizu is working to create a wealth of environmental value through innovation. We are approaching this from the three perspectives of “zero-carbon society,” a “resource recycling society,” and a “Society that coexisits harmoniously with nature.”
Zero-carbon society
Resource recycling society
Wooden Architecture
Trees in a forest absorb CO2 in the atmosphere as they grow. Lumber materials also retain the absorbed CO2 during the time period they are used in buildings. This helps to prevent global warming.
We promote the use of wood materials and stimulate the recycle of forest resources by expanding the use of wooden architecture.
   Resource recycling society
Society that coexisits harmoniously with nature
 Zero negative impact from our business activities
Society that coexisits harmoniously with nature
Green Infrastructure + (PLUS)
Green Infrastructure + (PLUS) is the business concept of wisely incorporating functions of nature in building infrastructure and adding (+) the expertise and technologies Shimizu possesses to restore the blessings of nature to the entire local community.
Shimizu will add positive value to the environment, society, and econ- omy, and contribute to sustainable community development.
Final waste CO2
Impact on nature
News Release
‘SHIMZ Beyond Zero 2050’ Shimizu Group's New Environmental Vision https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/company/about/news-release/2021/2021021.html
24 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 25
      ABOUT SHIMIZU ESG MANAGEMENT AT SHIMIZU MESSAGE FROM THE OFFICER SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

  Contributing to the Global Environment
Aiming to be a Company that Helps to Build Sustainable Communities
Shimizu formulated the Shimizu Global Environmental Charter to materialize the principle of contributing to the global environment in 1991. In 1997, we established the Basic Environmental Policy (revised in 2019), and have implemented environmental impact mitigation and environmental creation and restoration in every phase of our business activities based on that policy, since then.
We are also pursuing environmental management to realize a sustainable society where future generations can inherit a well-cared for environment, established as a value that we seek to provide in SHIMZ VISION 2030, and achieve SHIMZ Beyond Zero 2050, our environmental vision.
Pursuing ESG Management in the Mid-Term Management Plan <2019-2023> Environment (E)
● Steady progress on Ecological Mission 2030-2050 medium and long- term goals for reducing CO2
● Initiatives aimed at preserving biodiversity and creating indicators to monitor it
● Initiatives aimed at effective utilization of limited global resources and reducing waste
Measures to Combat Climate Change
Revised Ecological Mission 2030-2050
We took advantage of the opportunity presented when the Kyoto Protocol came into force in 2005 to establish medium and long-term goals for reduction of CO2 emissions in our Ecological Mission, and we are working on achieving those goals. We revised those goals upward in 2016 when the Paris Agreement was effected. Shimizu recently formu- lated SHIMZ Beyond Zero 2050, our new environmental vision, revising annual reduction goals for 2030 upward again, and setting the goal of
Ecological Mission 2030-2050 (Revised in fiscal 2021)
zero CO2 emissions in fiscal 2050. We are accelerating zero carbon ini- tiatives to achieve our new long-term goal.
results of specification and evaluation of climate-related risks and opportunities and also manages progress on achieving the targets in Ecological Mission 2030-2050. The results of these deliberations are reported to the Board of Directors in line with the governance structure.
Strategy
Climate-related risks and opportunities that impact Shimizu Group businesses include those concerning policies and strengthening of regulations needed to build a zero-carbon society and market changes and other transitions. It can also include acute and chronic physical changes due to global warming. Last fiscal year, we analyzed the Construction Business and Investment and Development Business, which is one of the non-construction businesses, as the first stage. This fiscal year, we re-examined information disclosed last fiscal year in light of recent social changes. We also added the results of analysis for our Engineering, LCV, and Emerging Frontier businesses, which are non-construction businesses that we have judged will be highly import- ant in the future and will focus on expanding. As one of our strate- gy-based initiatives, our Investment and Development and LCV business have teamed up to pursue the introduction of renewable energy in rental real estate properties owned by Shimizu. We aim to introduce renewable energy in all main rental office buildings and logistics facilities by 2030.
Metrics and Targets
To evaluate and manage the impact of climate-related issues on our business, the Shimizu Group has specified total volume of greenhouse gas (CO2) emissions as an indicator (KPI) and has set targets for reduc- tion based on SBT* (certification acquired from the SBT Initiative in September 2019). We also changed the goal of zero CO2 emissions in fiscal 2050, based on Shimz Beyond Zero 2050, Shimizu’s new environ- mental vision.
* SBT: Science Based Targets
Company targets for reduction of greenhouse gas emissions set based on scientific knowledge to limit global warming to well-below 2°C above pre-industrial levels and pursuing efforts to limit warming to 1.5°C.
Climate-Related Financial Disclosures Based on The Task force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) Recommendations
https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/company/csr/environment/tcfd/
Biodiversity
Utilizing Multifunctionality in Green Infrastructure
The construction industry has a huge impact on the global environ- ment and living creatures. It is also an industry that can contribute to improving the rate of regeneration in the biosphere. Shimizu uses green infrastructure concepts in community development and building social infrastructure. To achieve this, we utilize the local potential and eco- logical landscaping techniques to preserve and create an environment that is only possible in that area. We also use technologies such as UE-Net to evaluate urban ecosystem networks. Awareness of the Green Infrastructure + (PLUS) concept is shared Group-wide, and we will contribute to the realization of sustainable communities in which people and living creatures can thrive and co-exist by continuing to strengthen alliances with external organizations.
Renewing green infrastructure in uncultivated rice fields
Before installation of a water canal (left), during construction (center), restored water canal (right)
Resources and Pollution
Fiscal 2020 Resources and Energy Material Flow
The following diagram shows the material flow in fiscal 2020 construc- tion activities, from the energy, water, and construction materials, to final disposal and recycling of construction waste.
   CO2 reduction during
construction
-53%
-66%
-70%
-70%
-60%
-100%
-100%
-100%
Initiatives to reduce CO2 emissions during construction
Initiatives to reduce CO2 emissions from Shimizu’s offices
Initiatives to reduce CO2 emissions during operation of buildings designed and built by Shimizu (contributing to reduction in the CO2 emissions of customers)
Fiscal 2020 CO2 Emissions
180,000 t-CO2 8,600 t-CO2
− 66% − 53%
− 58% − 55%
− 49%
 43,200 t-CO2
Fiscal 2020 Results Compared to Fiscal 1990
Fiscal 2021 Goals Compared to Fiscal 1990
       − 41%
   CO2 reduction during building operation due to energy-saving design
-41%
CO2 reduction in Shimizu’s offices
The bullet point indicate the offset from CO2 credits acquired by the company
Measures to Combat Climate Change (Ecological Mission 2030-2050)
https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/company/csr/environment/performance/eco
Disclosure of Information Related to Climate Change
Based on the TCFD Recommendations
Shimizu and its group companies have positioned environmental issues, including climate change, as one set of issues that will have a material impact on management. We understand that disclosure of climate-related information is also necessary and essential from the perspective of ESG management. Shimizu endorsed the TCFD recommendations and joined the TCFD Consortium in October 2019. We have disclosed climate-related information in line with the TCFD recommendations since 2020.
TCFD Recommendations:
Thematic Areas of Climate-related Information Disclosure
     Governance
Strategy
Risk Management
Metrics and Targets
Disclose the organization’s governance around climate-related risks and opportunities.
Disclose the actual and potential impacts of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organization’s businesses, strategy, and financial planning.
Disclose the processes used by the organization to identify, assess, and manage climate-related risks.
Disclose the metrics and targets used to assess and manage relevant climate- related risks and opportunities.
INPUT OUTPUT
Green procurement
Main construction materials
Construction activities
Managed final disposal 40,000 tons
Stable final disposal 30,000 tons
Recycled 1,020,000 tons
  Construction activities
Construction waste, total volume (from construction)
1,390,000 tons
 Rubble
Construction sludge
Mixed waste, etc.
Construction wood chips/shavings
       26
0%
-40%
-50% -60%
-80% -100%
2020 2030 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
2050 (FY)
Source: “Practical guide for Scenario Analysis in line with the TCFD recommendations,” Climate Change Policy Division, Ministry of the Environment, Government of Japan, March 2019
Governance
Shimizu established the SDGs and ESG Promotion Committee (chaired by the President) to deliberate on basic policies and measures con- cerning environmental issues. This committee consists of the officers in charge of various areas such as the officer in charge of Safety Administration and Environment, the officer in charge of SDGs and ESG, and the officers in charge of Building Construction, Civil Engineering, and non-construction businesses. The committee deliberates on the
We reduced 260,000 tons of water contained in construction sludge in the recycling process and used thermal recycling to reduce 40,000 tons of wood chips from construction.
Environmental Performance Data
https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/company/csr/environment/data/index.html#material
Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 27
 1990
      ABOUT SHIMIZU ESG MANAGEMENT AT SHIMIZU MESSAGE FROM THE OFFICER SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

ESG Management at Shimizu
   1
2
 3
 5
 4
 Diversity & Inclusion
at Shimizu
Shimizu works to promote diversity that utilizes the diverse range of individuality among our employees, and enables each employee to manifest their skills to the fullest extent. We aim to be a vital and inclusive company that effectively utilizes employees of diverse backgrounds in terms of gender, disability, nationality, age, sexual preference, sexual identity, and other attributes and enables them to fully demonstrate their diverse sense of values, views, and skills.
Promoting the Building of Environments That Enable Diverse Human Resources to Demonstrate Their Skills to the Maximum Extent
Shimizu established the Diversity Promotion Office in 2009. This office implements a variety of activities to make diversity & inclusion a strength in corporate activities. It has established the goals of a 50% increase in women in management and a 60% increase in women skilled workers by 2024 (compared to fiscal 2018) as initiatives aimed at promoting the advancement of women, and is rolling out train- ing and utilization measures to achieve those goals. In fiscal 2020, Shimizu also joined 30% Club Japan, which aims to increase the per- centage of women corporate officers. In fiscal 2021, we welcomed our first internal woman officer. We are also putting effort into employing people with disabilities and promoting their advancement, and have held the Challenge Forum since 2018. This forum is designed to pro- mote the advancement of employees with disabilities and educate and raise the consciousness of all employees. In fiscal 2020, the chairman and president also participated in the forum and engaged in a lively exchange of opinions from many different perspectives.
Increasing the Number of Opportunities for Communication and Developing Global Human Resources
As of April 2021, 116 employees who are foreign nationals are affil- iated with Shimizu. We launched the Foreign Employees Networking Event in 2015 to provide an environment in which employees from foreign countries can network and form connections. We also began holding a retreat-style seminar in 2017 for foreign national employees and their superiors. Engaging in a direct exchange of opinions con- cerning one another’s sense of values deepens mutual understanding and leads to more effective utilization and advancement.
Ikuboss (Inclusive Leader) Development
Ikuboss refers to superiors who can enjoy their own work and lives and also think about the work-life balance of subordinates and staff members they work with and cheer them on in their careers and lives while producing results in work. We are developing human resources by providing an e-learning course and group training because we rec- ognize the need to raise awareness of those in managerial positions in order to promote respect for the individuality and uniqueness of individual employees and promote their advancement.
     6
  In February 2021, we joined The Valuable 500, an international initiative that promotes the participation of people with disabilities in society.
1. Male employees who took childcare leave
2. Effective use of foreign employees at job sites
3. Opinion exchanges between management and employees with disabilities
4. Training for foreign employees and their superiors
5. Kensetsu-Komachi (“female construction workers”) Team,
“Kawanishi-Komachi Aishi Team (ICT)”
6. Ikuboss seminars for management
28 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 29
      ABOUT SHIMIZU ESG MANAGEMENT AT SHIMIZU MESSAGE FROM THE OFFICER SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

 Optimal Quality and Customer Satisfaction
Health and Safety
Shimizu stands on the principle of respect for human life and human beings and places the highest priority on safeguarding the lives and health of our employees in all corporate activities. Our basic policy on health and safety management is to establish a corporate culture that is grounded in safety and maintain a safe, comfortable work environment, as we uphold the goal of zero accidents resulting in serious injury or death and zero accidents involving the public.
Measures for Achieving Our Goal
1. Perform risk assessments to promote preventive safety and continu- ally strive to reduce occupational accidents.
2. Conduct business activities in a manner that achieves both safety and production, based on safety as the highest priority.
3. Encourage independent safety management by subcontractors and efforts to prevent accidents.
4. Improve initial education on projects and eliminate accidents involving new workers.
5. Educate employees, equip them with the knowledge and power to act, and develop them as promoters of disaster prevention.
6. Provide comprehensive education on preventing health hazards to elim- inate exposure to dust and other materials that are harmful to health.
Fiscal 2020 Health & Safety Results
The LTI (lost time injury) frequency rate* in fiscal 2020 was 0.64, on par with fiscal 2019.
Shimizu earns the trust of and satisfied customers by accurately understanding the value that customers expect and meticulously building it into quality. That is Shimizu’s concept of quality. The customer-oriented spirit of respecting the customer is a teaching that we have passed down since the company was founded and that we must never lose, despite changes in the era, the digitalization of society, and regardless of the management environment.
and uses the results of such surveys as feedback to improve subse- quent response and operations.
Monozukuri Training Center
Shimizu built the Monozukuri Training Center to pass on the traditions of Shimizu valued by customers to all employees. These traditions have resulted in customers knowing Shimizu for our technology and our craftsmanship. The center was also built to embody the spirit and skill of craftsmanship in our work to an even greater degree.
Today, more than 210 years after the company was founded, we reflect on the spirit of innovation and strive to be modern-day master craftsmen by diligently and continuously honing our skills, based on the mission of the master craftsmen who built the shrines and temples. That mission is to work ceaselessly morning and night to master the five senses and it is the foundation of monozukuri.
serious issue to correct, declined in both number and percentage.
The number of four or more lost workdays decreased 8 to 51 acci-
dents compared to the previous year.
Breakdown by Type of Accident
2019 11 11 11 7 5 14 (59 accidents)
2020 3 8 6 8 6 20 (51 accidents)
   High Being falls pinned
Slips & Low trips falls
Flying & falling objects
Other
Fiscal 2021 Initiatives
  Policy on Quality in the Building Construction Business
Shimizu provides technology and services customers trust and are satisfied with by accurately ascertaining the value customers expect, and maintaining a dedication to quality by all employees through the entire process from sales to maintenance and preservation.
  Policy on Quality in the Civil Engineering Business
All employees approach monozukuri (craftsmanship) with an attitude of humility and sincerity. They actively take personal responsibility for providing structures of outstanding quality that exceed the expecta- tions of customers and society. This earns trust in and satisfaction with Shimizu as the continuing partner of choice and contributes to society.
Training at the Center
Civil Engineering
Based on the accident analysis results and severity of accidents in fiscal 2020, we have established the goal of eradicating accidents involving high falls, accidents related to construction machinery and cranes, accidents involving collapse, accidents involving the public, fires, and Infrastructure damage accidents, and asbestos-related problems in fis- cal 2021. We will establish specific measures to each category and take action to prevent accidents.
We will also implement thorough measures to prevent COVID-19 infections and heatstroke, in light of current social conditions.
Infection Prevention Measures at Construction Sites
Many people enter and exit construction sites. We comply with the three principles detailed below and implement thorough infection prevention measures at each job site in addition to wearing masks at all times, disinfecting hands, and operating in shifts and on a sliding work time system. Shimizu also implements the Japan Federation of Construction Contractor Guidelines on COVID-19 Infection Prevention in the Construction Industry (at Construction Sites).
 Quality Management System
To successfully implement the policies stated above, we set quality goals for each division, department and individual projects and have built an ISO 9001-compliant quality management system (QMS).
We effectively implement QMS by clearly specifying the rules, implementation checklist, and the divisions and individuals responsible for the work to consistently provide buildings and structures meeting customer requirements and compliant with laws and regulations. We endeavor to achieve customer satisfaction, successfully implement our quality policy, and thereby contribute to the development of our business and contribute to society.
Building Construction
Customer Satisfaction (CS) Survey
Customer needs differ for each building. Shimizu believes that the only path to satisfying our customers’ needs is to always view a project from the customer’s perspective, clearly specify optimal quality, and sincerely work to incorporate it.
Our CS Survey Team pays direct visits to customers twice, in three months and two years and three months after delivering a building. The team surveys how the customers feel after actually using the building
Customer Satisfaction with Both Quality and Process
We implement various measures to meet the expectations of the com- munity and the customer, for the quality of the construction process in addition to the quality of the structure we will build.
Trend in LTI (lost time injury) Frequency Rate
 In civil engineering, there are many construction methods and an
infinite variety of construction conditions that we face in the natural
environment. Engineers with extensive knowledge of and experience in
the various construction methods participate in individual exploratory 1.5 meetings from the planning stage and identify and eliminate risks in
construction. Expert engineers also function as cross-divisional liaisons 1.0 during construction and patrol construction sites to assess key points in
each type of construction.
 Shimizu 2.0
0.5
0.0
Construction industry
All industries
1.83 1.80
1.69 1.09
0.64 0.64
2018 2019
1.95
1.30
0.64
2020 (FY)
All workers diligently wear masks. A sufficient quantity of masks is kept at each job site to ensure that workers who do not have a mask always wear one. We strive to make infection prevent visible to external visitors.
All workers have their temperature checked upon entering a job site.
Disinfection specialists are assigned to each office location.
We promote infection prevention measures among our employees and reduce the risk of transmission in the workplace by regularly disinfecting high-contact areas in workstations, restrooms, and other locations.
 1.63
0.64
0.53
2016
1.66
0.81
0.47
2017
Masks
Checking Temperatures
Disinfection
        30 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 31
Developing Human Resources Who will be Leaders in Craftsmanship
To develop outstanding civil engineers, we equip young employees with the requisite knowledge and strengthen their technology management skills through on-the-job training. A pamphlet on past serious accidents and quality defects has been compiled and we use this repeatedly to pass on this knowledge and prevent quality and safety defects from being repeated.
* LTI (lost time injury) frequency rate: The number of deaths and injuries per million cumulative man-hours.
Figures for all industries and for the construction industry represent accidents resulting in one or more lost workdays, calculated on a calendar-year basis.
Figures for Shimizu represent accidents resulting in four or more lost workdays, calculated on a fiscal-year basis.
Analysis of Accidents in Fiscal 2020
Analysis of accidents in fiscal 2020 by type of accident showed that being pinned and low falls were the most frequent, followed by slips & trips and flying & falling objects. High falls, which were designated as a
       ABOUT SHIMIZU ESG MANAGEMENT AT SHIMIZU MESSAGE FROM THE OFFICER SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

 Human Resource Development and Workstyle Reform and Human Rights
Strengthening the Supply Chain
  Shimizu is pursuing workstyle reform and building inclusive human resource management to secure and develop human resources who will perform our work in the next generation and enable all workers to fully demonstrate their abilities regardless of gender, age, nationality, or other attributes.
Communication of the President’s Message Aimed at Encouraging Men to Take Childcare Leave
To become a company in which all employees can achieve work-life balance regardless of their gender, a message personally signed by the president is sent to male employees eligible for childcare leave and their superiors to encourage men to take childcare leave. We are also striving to foster a culture that makes it easy for men
Workstyle Reform Week Held
Since 2018, Shimizu has held Workstyle Reform Week to encourage independent initiatives aimed at workstyle reform by individual employ- ees and has conducted Shimizu Japan Employee Survey visualize job satisfaction quantitatively.
During Workstyle Reform Week, Takashi Maeno, a professor at Keio University and the president engaged in a special dialog based on the theme of Managing Happiness in the Future. A video of that dialog was posted on the company intranet. A new workstyle reform award was also established for joint initiatives with subcontractors and suppliers. Awards were presented for multiple good examples that contributed to achieving a five-day work week and improving productivity. These exam- ples were shared internally.
Snapshot from Managing Happiness in the Future
Human Rights Initiatives
Shimizu pursues initiatives to ensure respect for human rights and enacted the Shimizu Group Basic Human Rights Policy to serve as a guide in fulfilling that responsibility to realize our mission of being “a company that values people,” stated in our Code of Corporate Ethics and Conduct, based on the views in the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. We are pursuing initiatives in human rights due diligence focusing on skilled workers at job sites and con- struction materials from the perspective of business sustainability as part of that mission.
In fiscal 2020, Shimizu made sure that all subcontractors and suppliers understood the laws, regulations, and operating guidelines for employing foreign technical trainees and the points in need of improve- ment by posting information on a website dedicated to subcontractors and suppliers and by providing training. In the main countries and regions where Shimizu does business, we had a third-party evaluate human rights risks by country, and specify countries that pose a high risk of human rights violations such as child labor, forced labor, and improper wage payment. This will be useful in preventing and mitigating human rights risks in the future.
Shimizu Group Human Rights Policy
https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/company/csr/human/pdf/ group_humanrights.pdf
To strengthen our ability to respond to the numerous large-scale projects anticipated in various locations nationwide, we will work to strengthen and expand the supply chain even more to ensure a reliable production structure. We will steadily expand our network connections nationwide and also expand alliances with companies and suppliers throughout Japan that possess the technologies and production structures which will enhance competitiveness. To prepare for a future shortage of skilled workers, we are also taking steps to secure sufficient workers to perform construction work by providing support to find a job as a skilled worker, get up to speed, and improve skills.
Partnership with Kanekikai
Established as the Kaneki ( ) Koshokai in 1889, the Kanekikai is an irre- placeable partner of Shimizu. Bonded by the old “ki” symbol, the Kanekikai and Shimizu have overcome numerous obstacles and progressed to where we are today. We will continue to work in tandem with the Kanekikai to pass on technologies, ensure safety, solve many challenges, and contribute to improving the appeal of the construction industry.
MARUKI crested workman’s coat
Ensuring a Productive Construction System
Shimizu implements various activities to ensure a secure production structure.
• Promotion of a five-day work week
• Promotion of the Construction Career Up System*
* Construction Career Up System: This system keeps a record of each technical worker’s employment history and qualifications, and leads to a fair evaluation of skills, improvement in the quality of construction, and greater efficiency in work at construction sites.
• Wage and allowance system for outstanding skilled workers • Cross-training Workers in multiple skills
• Posting a link to subcontractor recruitment website
on our corporate website
Partnership-building Declaration
Shimizu participates in initiatives promoted by the Cabinet Office and Small and Medium Enterprise Agency. Shimizu is building new partner- ships by working together with suppliers
in our supply chain and companies that
create value.
Declaration of Respect for Labor Cost Estimates
Shimizu respects the estimates submitted by subcontractors based on the Japan Federation of Construction Contractors Declaration of Respect for Labor Cost Estimates, as part of our efforts to improve the treatment of skilled construction workers.
Shimizu Takumi Training Center
We opened the Takumi Training Center to educate and train skilled construction workers (takumi) in 2020. Shimizu is operating the center together with the Kanekikai, an association of Shimizu’s suppliers and subcontractors.
We are adopting a proactive stance on improving the appeal of the construction industry and human resource development by using the training center as a
platform for securing and
training skilled workers,
and will work to translate
this into an increase in
the number of new work-
ers entering the industry.
Training in robot operation
CSR Procurement
Shimizu established the Basic Procurement Policy and Things We Request of Our Suppliers to ensure fair and transparent business activ- ities in the Shimizu Group. We ask all suppliers and subcontractors in our supply chain to comply with laws, regulations, and social standards, including those related to human rights and labor. Shimizu also holds compliance training for our subcontractors and suppliers at various locations nationwide to urge everyone in the supply chain to adhere to Shimizu Group Basic Human Rights Policy.
Basic Procurement Policy
Things We Request of Our Suppliers https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/company/csr/procurement/
   to take childcare leave by providing e-learning to all employees, among other means. The fis- cal 2020 Shimizu Japan employee awareness survey showed substantial improvement in the percentage of men taking childcare leave. The most improvement was seen in “an atmosphere that enables men to take childcare and nursing care leave and permits flexible workstyles.”
Revision of the Personnel System
We revised the personnel system to achieve
Shimizu’s long-term vision. Employees between the ages of 60 and 65 can choose when to retire and can choose to work shorter hours and fewer days. This helps these employees to find a workstyle suited to their individual life plans. We also introduced pay according to role and other changes to the wage system, and revised the evaluation system to encourage employees to exercise self-initiative in taking on challenges.
Shimizu Group Health Management Declaration
The Shimizu Group believes that helping employees work more energet- ically and maintain and improve their health are important management issues, and has established a written Health Management Declaration to better promote health management. Implementing necessary measures such as providing health advice on maintaining mental health and to people at risk of lifestyle-related diseases and promoting smoking ces- sation measures improves individual employee job satisfaction and hap- piness. Shimizu was also recognized by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry as a 2021 Certified Health & Productivity Management Outstanding Organization.
Health Management
https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/company/csr/health/
 The President’s message to male employees
 SHIMZ VISION 2030,
 32 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 33
      ABOUT SHIMIZU ESG MANAGEMENT AT SHIMIZU MESSAGE FROM THE OFFICER SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

ESG Management at Shimizu
  1
    3
 2
 4
   The Teachings Shimizu Received from Eiichi Shibusawa The Analects
and the Abacus
The Analects and the Abacus contain the teachings received from Eiichi Shibusawa, who Shimizu retained as an advisor in 1887 to provide management advice.
The principle that ethics are compatible with economics is one that courses through the sincere monozukuri (craftsmanship) and customer-oriented spirit that we have cherished since Shimizu was founded. These teachings are timeless, express the values that are important to Shimizu, and are the DNA that we have inherited from our predecessors.
Each and every officer and employee will take the teachings of Shibusawa’s The Analects and the Abacus to heart, put them into practice, and cherish them and pass them on to the next generation.
1. Training on putting The Analects and the Abacus into practice
2. The Dai-ichi National Bank (formerly Mitsui-gumi House) built by Kisuke Shimizu II
3. Record of lecture by Eiichi Shibusawa to store employees in January 1905
4. Corporate ethics training for executive management
Eiichi Shibusawa
(photo provided by The Tokyo Chamber of Commerce and Industry)
Shimizu Mind: Our Promise
This is a pamphlet that distills 20 themes concerning the founding spirit, The Analects and the Abacus, and other important thoughts that should be shared in words that are easy to understand. All officers and employees reread it from time to time and use it to remember and confirm their own
stance, which they can tend to lose sight of over time.
Practical Training on The Analects and the Abacus
We hold ongoing training in corporate ethics on themes such as The Analects and the Abacus to cultivate ethical awareness and ensure thorough compliance.
In fiscal 2020, we implemented a training program on putting The Analects and the Abacus into practice. The purpose of this training is to create a culture in which people can talk about putting The Analects and the Abacus into practice on a daily basis. Those in higher positions served as the instructors and the training was conducted for all divi- sions in small groups of about 10 people.
Analects for The Week Posted on the Company Intranet
Sadako Yasuoka, who teaches courses on The Analects nationwide, explains individual passages to give people a deeper understanding of The Analects and the Abacus. One passage is posted on the company intranet each week.
Continually touching on The Analects is a means of self-refine- ment and leads to the cultivation of ethical awareness.
    34 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 35
      ABOUT SHIMIZU ESG MANAGEMENT AT SHIMIZU MESSAGE FROM THE OFFICER SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

  Risk Management
The Shimizu Group recognizes that various risks can emerge in the course of business activities and works to ensure business continuity and stable growth by properly managing such risks to reduce the pos- sibility that they will materialize, while also minimizing losses for those that do materialize. In Mid-Term Management Plan <2019–2023>, we also stated the basic policy of Advancing ESG-based Management and designated Strict Compliance & Strengthened Risk Management as one of the key means to achieve this.
Each fiscal year, the Risk Management Committee (Chair: CEO) makes decisions on key items of risk management for the entire com- pany and each division incorporates these decisions into its business plans. The committee regularly monitors risks (twice a year) by func- tion at the head office, business division, and group company levels
and recommends corrective actions and improvements as necessary, while also responding to emerging risks and reporting on the status of response to the Board of Directors twice a year.
By risks, we mean all factors that hinder achievement of man- agement goals in managing the Shimizu Group, from the following perspectives:
• Factors that have the potential to cause economic loss to the Shimizu Group, either directly or indirectly
• Factors that could interrupt or halt ongoing Group business activities. • Factors that could result in a loss of trust in the Shimizu Group and
harm to the brand image.
Compliance
Code of Corporate Ethics and Conduct and Internal Corporate Structure
Code of Corporate Ethics and Conduct
Shimizu has adopted The Analects and the Abacus, which contains the teachings of Eiichi Shibusawa, as our corporate credo. We base our business activities on the conviction that our company’s business will always prosper if we pursue ethics and economic gain simultaneously, or in other words, if we do good work that delights the community and our customers and is grounded in a strong sense of ethics. As society changes and imposes stronger demands on companies to be good corporate citizens and exercise corporate social responsibility, Shimizu works to make sure that officers and employees fully understand our corporate credo, The Analects and the Abacus, and act accordingly each day. We formulated the Code of Corporate Ethics and Conduct and conduct compliance training based on it for all employees each year to make sure that everyone understands the Code. Training topics include conducting fair bidding (compliance with the Antimonopoly Act, etc.); preventing corruption, including bribery and accounting fraud; human rights; labor; and the environment.
Code of Corporate Ethics and Conduct
https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/company/about/governance/pdf/202005e.pdf
Establishment of Internal Corporate Structure
Shimizu provides education and training to ensure strict implementation and practical operation of the Code of Corporate Ethics and Conduct by officers and employees, We have also appointed an officer in charge of corporate ethics, established a Committee on Corporate Ethics, the Corporate Ethics Office, the corporate ethics hotline, and an internal reporting system.
Proper Management of Personal Information
In the construction industry, companies retain personal information of customers, subcontractors, etc., and the personal information of employees obtained through business activities.
Shimizu has formulated a Privacy Policy and takes necessary and appropriate steps to maintain security based on the policy. We man- age national identification numbers and other personal information appropriately.
Internal Whistleblowing System
We established an internal whistleblowing system to detect bribery and corruption, accounting fraud, and other compliance issues that could occur as early as possible and take corrective steps.
Initiatives Aimed at Strengthening Compliance
We implement various measures that will help cultivate an ethical mindset and contribute to strict compliance among Group officers and employees, so that they put the spirit of our corporate credo, The Analects and the Abacus, into practice in their actions.
1. Top management will lead by example in cultivating an ethical mindset and strict compliance.
(1) The Analects and the Abacus Practical Implementation Project Training (conducted at Shimizu and Group subsidiaries)
We cultivate an ethical mindset by conducting small group training sessions for around 10 people each in all divisions. This training is designed to create a corporate culture in which The Analects and the Abacus are a part of their own work and enables them to speak freely.
(2) Corporate ethics training for executive management (After cor- porate officers have taken this training, it will be posted on the company intranet for Shimizu employees and management of subsidiaries.)
• Learn From The Analects and the Abacus, by Takashi Saito. And On Preventing Harassment, by Naoto Okada, Attorney
(3) Compliance e-learning training (including Compliance with the Antimonopoly Act)
• Training taken by roughly 10,000 Shimizu employees and 4,200 executives of subsidiaries
2. Make sure that everyone understands the code of conduct on bidding for construction projects (mainly for Shimizu and construc- tion-related subsidiaries)
• Executive management training and opinion exchange conducted by an outside attorney
• Training and interviews of employees conducted by the Legal Department
• Specify projects deemed to pose a high risk of inviting actions that restrict competition. Interview and perform checks with the officer in charge of sales, division heads, and sales representa- tives, and conduct interviews by an outside attorney.
3. Have an outside attorney objectively assess the status of imple- mentation of measures to prevent recurrence in relation to compli- ance with the Antimonopoly Act.
• In April 2021, Shimizu received an assessment from an outside attorney stating that, “I have inquired into strict compliance of Shimizu and its Group companies with the Antimonopoly Act and have assessed the Group’s system to be sufficient.”
   Diagram of Risk Management Structure (According to the Rules on Risk Management)
 Board of Directors
Supervises
Reports
Collaborate
Provides information on risks
   Risk Management Committee (Chair: President)
[Meets regularly]
· Makes decisions on the key points of risk management · Monitors the status of risk management
(Administrative Office)
Risk Management Administrative Office
  Reports
Instructs
Instructs
Provides information on risks
[Meet regularly, and as needed]
Debate and decide on how to handle individual risks when they emerge, how to prevent recurrence, etc.
Provides information on risks
Safety Initiatives Overseas
We have seen heightened geopolitical risk in many regions and countries around the world in recent years. Shimizu has prepared an organizational structure and crisis response manual for emergency conditions overseas. We specify preventive measures during normal times and our policy and the method of response during an emergency, and implement these measures. The status of the latest safety measures is listed on the Overseas Safety Measures website for employees.
Shimizu strengthens security system for offices and job sites as needed. We issue alerts and restrictions on overseas travels, and take other steps to ensure the safety of employees stationed overseas or traveling overseas on business. We are temporarily repatriating employees living overseas for vaccination, etc. and taking other steps necessary in response to the COVID-19 pandemic overseas, according to the local conditions of infection and the system of healthcare.
Meetings and committees by function
(Safety & Environment Committee, Technical Quality Committee, Corporate Ethics Committee, Digital Strategy Committee, BCP Committee, etc.)
     Headquarters: Divisions and Departments that Supervise Risk Management by Function
 Audits
Audits
Instructs
   When a risk emerges, each division responds swiftly and appropriately through its line of command, reports to the supervisory division in headquarters,
and receives instructions.
 Business divisions and Group companies
  36 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 37
      Audit Dept. President
ABOUT SHIMIZU ESG MANAGEMENT AT SHIMIZU MESSAGE FROM THE OFFICER SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

ESG Important Management Indicators
 ESG
Social Challenges
Support for disaster affected areas Reducing disaster risks
Lengthening the lifespan of infrastructure
Customer satisfaction
Stock management
Community vitalization
Diversity & Inclusion
Aging society with fewer children Coexistence with local communities Corporate citizenship
Corporate governance
Human rights/Poverty eradication Preventing corruption, collusion Fair marketing
Information security
ESG Important Management Indicators
Safety and security for construction and the social infrastructure
Optimal quality, customer satisfaction Health and safety in construction processes Diversity & Inclusion
Work-life balance
Human resource development
Securing a workforce for the future Contributing to Society
Corporate governance Risk management Compliance
Key Performance Indicators (KPIs)
FY2016
FY2017
FY2018
FY2019
FY2020
FY2021 (Target)
       E (Environment)
A sustainable society Renewable energy Preventing global warming Preserving biodiversity Resource depletion Water-related issues
Energy conservation, renewable energy Countering global warming
Biodiversity
Waste reduction, recycling, pollution prevention
             S (Social)
                                G (Governance)
Number of serious information security incidents
Number of serious violations of laws, regulations, and notices
[Other assessment indicators]
Percentage of employees undergoing information security training
Participation rate in BCP drills
Percentage of employees undergoing compliance training
Corporate Ethics Helpline Office response rate
0 0 0 1
100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100%
0 0 0 0
0 0 0 0
100% 100% 100% 100%
100% 100% 100% 100%
100% 100% 100% 100%
100% 100% 100% 100%
                                                                                 CO2 emissions reductions vs. FY1990 Green construction
Energy-saving construction
Conserving energy at the office
Final disposal rate of construction by-products
Total construction by-products generated per square meter
Number of serious environmental defects
[Other assessment indicators]
Average CASBEE score *design and construction
Number of LEED-certified projects *design and construction
53.0%
45.0%
47.0%
3.7%
13.0kg /m2
0
1.51
4
19,480 MWh
27,700 t-CO2
B
10.1 Billion yen
322
3
30
48
89
20
0.53 68 2.16% 42.6%
0.84%
163
3 1 2
32 100% 303
54.9%
44.1%
48.7%
3.5%
14.9kg /m2
0
2.25
6
19,650 MWh
27,181 t-CO2
A–
11.1 Billion yen
325
8
51
71
49
27
0.47 84 2.23% 47.5%
0.95%
188
2 1 3
22 98% 406
50.7% 46.1% 46.0%
3.5%
15.6kg /m2 or less
0
1.51
7
20,692 MWh
28,253 t-CO2
B
12. 5 Billion yen 312
7
17 80 38 32
0.64
105 2.37% 49.9%
0.77%
220
1 1 4
36 98% 476
58.0% 47.0% 49.0%
3.0%
16.3kg /m2 or less
0
2.24
7
24,048 MWh
21,212 t-CO2
A–
13.2 Billion yen 338
3
33 94 40 34
0.64 118 2.33% 51.2%
0.86%
241
1 0 6
36 100% 571
66.3%
41.3%
53.3%
3.7%
13.7kg /m2
0
1.9
8
45,915 MWh
60,000 t-CO2
B
14.6 Billion yen
310
(7170) 4
                                                                       Power generated from renewable energy
Offsets using carbon credits
CDP performance score
R&D investments
Number of patents applied for
Accident frequency rate (FY total)
Number of women in management positions
Percentage of employees with disabilities
Percentage taking paid annual vacation
Expenditures on social contribution activities as a percentage of ordinary income
[Other assessment indicators]
Number of structures subject to comprehensive disaster prevention diagnostics
Number of major awards won BCS BELCA Japan Society of Civil Engineers
Number of media reports (technological development) Percentage of female employees taking childcare leave
Number of female engineers
58%
49%
55%
3.8% or less
15.6kg /m2 or less
0
1.(5 rank A)or higher –
81,390 MWh –
A
16.0 Billion yen
*our business
Professional Certificates Class I Architect Class I Construction Management Engineer certificates Class I Civil Engineering Construction Management Engineer
300
                                                        Number of staff obtaining new professional qualifications (cumulative)
            2(5 857) 10(3 2,287) 6(3 3,428) 2(3 1,565)
0.64 126 2.35% 52.0%
0.98%
272
1 0 5
38
100% 643
30 85 40 30
0.57
50% higher than FY2018 by FY2023
annual average rate: 2.35% or higher
– 1%
290
2 1 4
30
100%
60% higher than FY2018 by FY2023
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  38 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 39
      ABOUT SHIMIZU ESG MANAGEMENT AT SHIMIZU MESSAGE FROM THE OFFICER SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

        Message from the Officer
in charge of Information Technology 1. Mid-Term Digital Strategy 2020
Shimz Digital General Contractor A digital general contractor with the mindset of monozukuri
   Digital technology for construction
Provide digital space and services
     Shimizu established the Digital Strategy Office before other competitors, and have pursued our digital strategy outlined in the Mid-Term Management Plan (2019-2023). Activities taken to date include building a digital platform to expand existing businesses and the create new ones, integrating information on construction projects and developing innova- tive operating processes for construction (mainly for domestic building construction projects), and building a digital manage- ment platform with Shimz DDE (Digital Design Enhancement Platform) which utilizes advanced computational design techniques. However, these activities have consisted mainly of components that played a role on the backend of the con- struction business, such as establishing core systems and improving infrastructure.
I feel that the COVID-19 pandemic has caused monu- mental changes in the world amid our efforts. We cannot meet the needs of our customers and society and survive unless we successfully revise our operations and processes, and use digital technology to transform our business. Providing digital spaces and services has become a key con- cept in community development. These include smart cities and super cities in Japan, and digital cities overseas such as the example of Singapore. We took all of these initiatives into collective consideration in revising our digital strategy and formulating Shimz Digital General Contractor Mid-Term Digital Strategy 2020.
Shimz Digital General Contractor is based on our nearly 220-year history in providing hands-on construction services with the mindset of monozukuri embodied in Kisuke Shimizu I, a temple and shrine carpenter and the founder of our com- pany. Shimizu will lead DX in Japan’s construction industry as a digital general contractor with monozukuri, never forget- ting our origins.
* Digital General Contractor: A construction company that uses its knowledge of craftsman- ship in real world construction and advanced digital technologies to perform real construc- tion and provide real spaces, and digital spaces and services.
Digital support for all operations
   Shimizu will lead digital transformation (DX) in Japan’s construction industry as a Digital General Contractor* with the mindset of monozukuri (superb craftsmanship) in construction.
Executive Vice President and Representative Director Director, Building Construction Headquarters
In charge of Information Management,
Productivity Improvement and Associated Companies and Global Strategy
Toshiyuki Imaki
News Release
Shimizu Formulates Digitalization Concepts Based on the Mid-Term Digital Strategy https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/company/about/news-release/2021/2021023.html
External Evaluation and Cooperation with External Experts
This fiscal year, Shimizu was certified by the Information-Technology Promotion Agency (IPA) of Japan as a “DX-Ready” company. Shimizu was also selected as a Digital Transformation Company 2021 (DX Company 2021) by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry and Tokyo Stock Exchange Inc. These awards recognize our company-wide initiatives in digitalization.
Shimizu also obtains advice from external experts with extensive global knowledge and expertise in DX and open innovation for further digitalization by Shimizu.
   Smart Control Center (integrated monitoring)
Pursuit of DX in Block A of the Toranomon-Azabudai Project
Shimizu is currently implementing our Shimz Smart Site system, a concept for digital building construction sites, in the new construc- tion in Block A of the Toranomon-Azabudai District Category 1 Urban Redevelopment Project (hereafter, “Toranomon-Azabudai Project”) in Minato-ku, Tokyo. We are taking on the challenge of integrating state- of-the-art digital construction technology with our knowledge of real construction at this super-sized project.
We are providing digital management, robot work, and digital fabri- cation on a BIM* -based digital platform.
* BIM: Building Information Modeling
News Release
Shimizu Promotes Digital Transformation (DX) at A District of Toranomon-Azabudai Project https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/company/about/news-release/2021/2021025.html
40 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 41
                   ABOUT SHIMIZU ESG MANAGEMENT AT SHIMIZU MESSAGE FROM THE OFFICER SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

       Message from the Officer
1. Mid-Term Digital Strategy 2020
Monozukuri Using Digital Technology
Our goal in using digital technology in monozukuri is to express our
vision of the future for both building construction and civil engineering, and build a system that provides integrated, connected data in a project from the upstream through the downstream processes.
In building construction, we are using Shimz One BIM to digitalize data from Shimz DDE computational design in the design planning pro- cess through actual construction. Shimz Smart Site is also being used at
the construction site to achieve digitalization through the use of robots and 3D printers to perform construction work.
In civil engineering, we have built a fabrication system that links digital management and CIM*, based on the Shimz XXR Vision concept. Feedback is provided on a digital platform and is used to frontload simi- lar projects in the future.
* CIM: Construction Information Modeling/Management
Digital Spaces and Services Provision
Shimizu launched the DX-Core building operating system (OS). This system integrates the many types of IoT data from a completed building to the BIM data generated during construction. This system makes it possible for occupants, managers, and others to utilize a diverse range of digital services.
Shimizu will contribute to the creation of smart cities through inte- grated management of DX-Core systems installed in multiple facilities of the same customer and area on the DX-Core cloud. These systems will be linked to an urban public information OS outside of the facilities and used to create urban and building digital twins.
   Civil Engineering
Digital construction – Using digital technology in all aspects from planning and order receipt to construction and facility management
of many applications used in work on a daily basis. These provide the foundation for an all-digital environment so that work can be performed safely, anywhere, at any time.
Design drawing adjustments
Robot Work
Robo-Carrier
improving efficiency of operation and management, improve user convenience, and improve safety and security
Digital infrastructure + Real data
Smart Control Center
Digital Fabrication
3D printer
Central Control BECSS
Weather
People
Traffic information
Environment
Log information
Purchasing history
Provision of digital services through the use of urban and building digital twins
 Building Construction
Using digital technology in building construction, from the initial design phase through completion of construction
 Building stock management
Maintenance and management
Guidance and automated transport
Workstyles (operating facilities, maintenance and management, information providing services, etc.)
Operation/maintenance and management
Property API Property
Property API
BIM
Digital Twins
Digitally Supported Monozukuri
Digitally supported monozukuri consists of three types of infrastructure. They are 1) digital infrastructure such as network infrastructure and devices, 2) data management infrastructure for gathering and using various kinds of data, and 3) a business system infrastructure of groups
Utilization for urban and buildings digital twins
Link
Building OS (Shimz DX) API Building OS (DX-Core Cloud)
Building cluster
Building OS DX-Core
Link
Urban OS API Urban OS Cloud
Community, block
Energy management
Area management
Fire prevention and evacuation instructions
 Planning
External air flow simulation
Sky view factor simulation
Large space air conditioning simulation
Basics
Implemen- tation
Construction
Digital management
Operation
Construction BIM data
Digital twins
Install DX-Core in buildings to enhance asset value,
 Robo-Welder
  42 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 43
Planning
Technology proposal
Pre-construction screening
Individual screening
Construction
Operation
Consideration of BIM and CIM construction
Ascertaining the job site through VR
Simulation of technology proposal
Front loading
Project risk identification
Customers and subcontractors Consensus among parties involved
Data platform
Risk identification for each construction process
Construction process and manual operations roadmap
Materials, ordering, payment, and yield
Digital data
Automated Construction
Completely autonomous robots
Database
Cloud storage
Project data
BIM/CIM/CAD data
Wireless LAN
IoT data
Cellular communications
Smart Control Center
Connected CPS Construction
Shimz Business System Infrastructure
Shimz Data Management Infrastructure
Shimz Digital Infrastructure
Communication
File server
HR and accounting systems
Sales systems
Estimates, procurement, and cost management
Work site support system
Cyber space
Synchronized
Physical space
PCs
Smart devices
Wearable devices
Sensor cameras
Wired LAN
Provides an environment that supports monozukuri, and enables employees to work safely, anywhere, at any time
 Cyber construction
Physical construction
Digital management
Digitalization of monozukuri for civil engineering
Digitalization of monozukuri for building construction
                ABOUT SHIMIZU ESG MANAGEMENT AT SHIMIZU MESSAGE FROM THE OFFICER SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION
Services Cloud space 3D and Real Space

  Message from the Officer
in charge of Administration & Finance 2. Progress on the Mid-Term Management Plan
   Progress on Mid-Term Management Plan
Investment Plan
Investment Type
Investment Amount (5 years)
FY2019 Results
28.2
30.3 2.9
125.0
Shimizu will strengthen
the competitiveness of
our core business of construction, establish new revenue bases,
and transform the revenue structure to achieve our long-term vision.
Executive Vice President and Executive Officer In charge of Administrative Functions
SDGs & ESG Promotion
Director, Corporate Ethics Office
Kimio Handa
To establish the new revenue bases aimed at achieving our long-term vision, we planned to invest 750 billion yen over five years. We have already invested 239.5 billion yen over two years in fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2020, representing 32% progress toward our investment goal. Shimizu is continuously pursuing investments to expand our building stock in the real estate development business. This includes completion of S.LOGi Niiza East 2 in June 2021, the final building in the S.LOGi Niiza Project, a large-scale logistic facility we have been developing in the city of Niiza, Saitama Prefecture, as well as MEBKS TOYOSU, a large rental office building in Toyosu, Koto-ku that was completed and began operating in August 2021. In the renewable energy segment, we have invested roughly 50 billion yen to obtain equipment for installa- tion of offshore wind farms. Construction of this highly efficient SEP (self-elevating platform) with the world’s largest cargo and crane capacity is proceeding according to plan, and is sched- uled for completion in October 2022.
As part of our investment in improving productivity and
R&D, we are pursuing the development and practical appli- cation of working robots in our ongoing work on the Shimizu Smart Site system, and expanding investment in other R&D projects to create innovative production technology. Shimizu is also actively investing in digitalization, based on the Mid- Term Digital Strategy 2020, which we announced in June of this year. We are planning to equip the innovation center we are building in Shiomi, Koto-ku with research facilities for innovation in production technology and the development of advanced technologies through open innovation: research and training facilities that will serve as a base for training personnel who will perform work in the next generation of monozukuri, and a section to display historical materials.
Although the business environment has changed substan- tially since the Mid-Term Management Plan was formulated, due in part to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Shimizu Group continues to invest in our growth strategy to achieve SHIMZ VISION 2030, our long-term vision for the Shimizu Group in 2030, as mentioned above.
(Billions of Yen)
FY2020 Results
9.6
15.0 1.0
114.5
   In the Mid-Term Management Plan <2019-2023> which the Shimizu Group is currently forging ahead on, we have positioned these five years as a period of upfront investment. Our aim is to establish new revenue bases as we swiftly respond to changes in the external environment and maintain profit levels to achieve sustainable growth in corporate value and realize SHIMZ VISION 2030, our long-term vision.
37.8
45.3 3.9
239.5
100
■ Innovate the building production systems (robots, etc.) ■ Establish new research facilities
■ Investment in digital-related and other areas
 152.5
 63.7
 88.8
   Positioning of the Mid-Term Management Plan <2019-2023>
Management Financial Goals (consolidated base)
Real estate development business
■ Expand the domestic real estate development business and increase both assets for sale and lease
■ Expand the overseas business (ASEAN, North America, etc.)
New investments 500 Proceeds from sale -100 Net investment expenditure 400
  Mid-Term Management Plan <2019-2023>
     Financial KPI
■ ROE 10.0%
■Equity ratio 42.7%
■Debt to equity ratio
0.5 times
■Dividend payout ratio
29.7%
Financial KPI
■ ROE
10% or higher
■Equity ratio 40% or higher
■Debt to equity ratio
0.7 times or less
■Dividend payout ratio
Approx. 30%
Productivity improvement & R&D
500
 Infrastructure, renewable energy, new businesses (frontier business, etc.)
130
■ Infrastructure operations & BSP business
■ Renewable energy-related business
■ Space, overseas, and harmony with nature business ■ Investment in next-generation ventures, etc.
    Upfront investment period to establish new earnings platforms
Sustainable growth period with new value creation
Consolidated ordinary income ¥200 billion or higher
Non-construction businesses
Construction businesses
FY2030
(Billions of Yen)
Total net sales
Construction business
Non-construction businesses (Development & others)
Gross profit
Construction business
Non-construction businesses (Development & others)
Ordinary income
FY2020 Results
1,456.4
1,301.3 1 5 5 . 1 190.4 1 6 2 . 4 2 7 . 9 1 0 5 . 4
FY2023 Target
1,880.0
1,550.0 330.0 235.0 185.0 50.0 140.0
Talent development
20
■ Hire and develop highly skilled talent
■ Accelerate globalization and upgrade talent systems, etc.
  Total investment over 5 years
750
 Consolidated ordinary income ¥56.2 billion
FY2014 Result
Consolidated ordinary income ¥133.9 billion Non-construction businesses
Construction businesses
FY2018 Result
Consolidated ordinary income ¥140 billion
Non-construction businesses
Construction businesses
FY2023
Mid-Term Management Plan (2019-2023)
SHIMZ VISION 2030
* Investment amount of real estate development business includes amount procured through a non-recourse loan.
  44
Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 45
Mid-Term Management Plan 2014 (2014-2018)
Two-year Total
        ABOUT SHIMIZU ESG MANAGEMENT AT SHIMIZU MESSAGE FROM THE OFFICER SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

 Message from the Officer
2. Progress on the Mid-Term Management Plan
Our policy on capital is to continue to reduce securi- ties holdings and increase shareholder return. In regards to reducing securities holdings, we are engaging in dialog with business partners whose shares we hold and selling their securities in stages. During the period extending from fiscal 2018 to fiscal 2020, Shimizu sold shares in 35 listed compa- nies (including partial share sales) valued at 48.7 billion yen. This resulted in a decrease in shares held from 187 firms as of March 31, 2018 to 163 as of March 31, 2021. We will con- tinue to engage in dialog with business partners in the future and plan to sell shares after reaching an agreement with them.
Shimizu has used part of the proceeds from the sale of such securities holdings to acquire 20 billion yen in treasury shares this fiscal year. Our basic policy on dividends remains the same: to strengthen financial soundness as the basis for long-term growth, and pay stable dividends (ordinary divi- dends). We plan to use profits earned from growth to maintain a consolidated dividend payout ratio of around 30%. We will strive to link the investment plans mentioned above to future growth and increased profit, and thus increased returns to shareholders.
Shimizu is making steady progress on achieving the numerical goals targeted in fiscal 2023 for non-financial KPIs. The Shimizu Group formulated SHIMZ Beyond Zero 2050, our new environmental vision, in fiscal 2021 and revised the long- term goals for 2050 in Ecological Mission 2030-2050, based on this vision. We are working steadily to pursue and track
Non-financial KPI
various measures by setting numerical goals for the midway point in fiscal 2023 as well. In the future, we will strive to achieve even greater improvement in labor productivity in the construction business and enhance corporate value from the ESG perspectives, and will contribute to achievement of the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).
 Main KPIs (Key Performance Indicators)
       Improve productivity
Improve productivity
in the construction business (vs. FY2016)
12.3%
20% or higher
        Environmental (E)
Reduce CO2 emissions
in the construction business (vs. FY2017)
25.2%
10% or higher
         Social (S)
Improve employee satisfaction scores*
3.75
4.0 or higher
      Governance (G)
Number of legal violations
0
0
Dividend Policy
(Yen)
35 30 25 20 15 10
5 0
: Ordinary dividends
: Special dividends
38 36
FY2020 Results
FY2023 Target
Related SDGs
   Ordinary dividends i n c r e a s e d t o 2 0 y e n per share
18 22
 26 26
10
   16
16
12
    6
20
  8
10
10
14
14
20
20
 30
Maintain stable dividends and
a consolidated dividend payout
r a t i o o f a r o u n d 3 0 %
        2014
2015
2016 2017
2023 (Fiscal Year)
2018 2019 2020
Mid-Term Management Plan <2019-2023>
* Scores from the Shimizu Japan employee awareness survey (average of 5-level ratings)
Achieving the Mid-Term Management Plan
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, revisions in customers’ investment plans and order timing have resulted in a harsh business environment for the Shimizu Group. We are respond- ing by strengthening our competitiveness in our core con- struction business and meeting the needs of large projects. We are also seizing business opportunities in the zero-carbon and renewable energy segments, and are utilizing digital
technologies to strengthen and expand renovation and building management (BM). Shimizu is also keeping an external growth strategy in mind to achieve these aims through corporate alli- ances, M&A, and other means.
Maintaining a sound financial condition will remain a major principle of Shimizu in the future as we make a con- certed effort to achieve the Mid-Term Management Plan.
 46 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 47
       ABOUT SHIMIZU ESG MANAGEMENT AT SHIMIZU MESSAGE FROM THE OFFICER SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

  Park Court Bunkyo Koishikawa the Tower (Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo)
 Shinjuku TOKYU MILANO redevelopment plan (Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo) Hibiya Fort Tower (Minato-ku, Tokyo)
Building Construction Business
Contributing to the achievement of SDGs through business activities
We will use all of our strengths to create even more reliable construction production systems based on strong organi- zational alliances that include Shimizu group companies. We will work to transform the building construction business, which is the core of our construction business, to enhance quality and improve competitiveness. Our goal is to antici- pate changes in society and customer needs, expand business domains, and build a stable revenue base.
 Key Strategies
We will accelerate the key strategies aimed at strengthening com- petitiveness and will achieve further improvement in technological capabilities and take on the challenge of new business domains.
1. Improve productivity and sales capabilities
• Innovate our building production systems to improve productivity, save labor and increase cost competitiveness
• Segment strategically at the regional level, enhance upstream business development capabilities, and strengthen the PFI function
2. Leverage technology to respond to customers’ changing needs
• Innovate building construction operations through increased use of AI, BIM, digitalization and other advanced technology-based machines and construction methods
• Continue focused activities for nuclear power-related facilities, including plant decommissioning and next-generation power plants
3. Expand renovations and enter new businesses
• Leverage our extensive track record and expertise in construction to ex- pand our business in building renovation, particularly large-scale interior renovation projects using BCP, ZEB/ WELL, etc.
• Identify and pursue opportunities for new business in building construc- tion-related domains
Progress Status
1. Respond to a changing market with new technologies
• We developed technologies aimed at receiving orders for large projects in the Greater Tokyo Area, regional large-scale logistics facilities (Aichi and Fukuoka), and a large data center (Chiba).
• We performed project-oriented development and adapted these technologies to job sites (various kinds of robots and broad based columns shaped like a bloom- ing flower).
• We conducted preliminary discussions to confirm building architecture using BIM data and a program to determine regulatory compliance.
• We evolved the use of computational design (strengthened the Shimz DDE struc- ture examination function, etc.).
2. Leverage technology to respond to customers’ changing needs
• We obtained ZEB certification on an AIST building renovation Shimizu designed and built.
• The Shimizu Group was selected as the contractor for the new Cabinet Office building (PFI format).
• We completed construction of the first condominium in the Chukyo area with a hybrid wooden structure.
• We began proposing SHIMZ CREATIVE FIELD, which uses positioning data.
3.StrengthenGroupcompanies’managementcapability
• We improved management efficiency by restructuring Group companies (business integration, etc.)
Mid-Term Management Plan
    48 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
   Strategic Initiatives in Large-scale Projects and the Contributions and Challenges of New Community Development
Shimizu is strengthening sales and proposal capabilities and accel- erating initiatives in development of new technologies and other initiatives to support large-scale projects such as redevelopment projects which are expanding in different regions, in addition to the Greater Tokyo Area.
In fiscal year 2020, Shimizu worked on project-oriented tech- nical development on a broad-based column in the shape of a blooming flower. The cast-in-place concrete column with a belled base has a high load-bearing capacity and enables economic con- struction of ultra-high-rise buildings in the 400 m height range. We are also working on innovations in construction production systems using digital technology, making greater use of BIM, and using other technologies.
Shimizu will use the knowledge and advanced technology that we have gained from large-scale redevelopment, Toyosu Smart City, and other projects in continuing to take on the challenge of and contribute to community development, including super cities and smart cities.
New construction in the TTM Project (Minato-ku, Tokyo)
Strengthening the Renovation Business and Providing Optimal Solutions Using Advanced Technologies
We are strengthening our renovation business even more using advanced environmental and BCP-related technologies.
In fiscal 2020, we completed design and construction on the West-4A Building renovation project for the Global Zero Emission Research Center of the National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology (AIST). The building received five-star ZEB certification, the highest rank in the BELS system (Building-Housing Energy-Efficiency Labeling System).
Shimizu will continue to provide optimal solutions to meet the needs of communities and customers through our renovation business.
AIST Global Zero Emission Research Center, which achieved ZEB certification through renovation work (Tsukuba, Ibaraki Prefecture)
Proposing a New Vision for Offices in the Age of the New Normal
Shimizu has begun to propose SHIMZ CREATIVE FIELD, which contributes to improved performance by using digital technology to link work locations, as a new vision for offices in the age of the new normal where work is not dependent on time or work location.
We performed a full-scale renovation of some floors in our head office as part of our proposal activities. These floors will func- tion as a hub capable of handling diverse means of communication internally and outside of the company. We have equipped them with zoning that can accommodate diverse workstyles and thor- ough infection prevention measures to ensure safety, security, and comfort.
In the future, we plan to conduct tours for customers planning new office construction and renovation projects as a means of obtaining project orders.
Head office floor design (17th floor)
Positioning data system: A PC or smartphone can be used to confirm the locations of individuals on a diagram of the floor layout in real time, both from within and outside of the company
         News Release
SHIMZ CREATIVE FIELD, New Office Vision Using Digital Technology for the New Normal https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/company/about/news-release/2021/2021020.html
     ABOUT SHIMIZU ESG MANAGEMENT AT SHIMIZU MESSAGE FROM THE OFFICER SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION
 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 49

 Construction of the Yanagawa Dam body is complete and flooding testing is in progress. (Morioka City, Iwate Prefecture)
   Taking on the Challenge of Full ICT Utilization and Improving Job Site Efficiency
(Shin-Tomei Expressway Kawanishi Project)
We are performing construction on the Shin-Tomei Expressway Kawanishi Project in the town of Yamakita, in the Ashigarakami District of Kanagawa Prefecture. Central Nippon Expressway Company (NEXCO Central), which ordered the project, has certified it as an ICT full utilization project for the first time, and we are actively working on improving productivity.
3D data is used throughout the entire process, from measure- ment to design, construction, and inspection. We are using ICT to visualize the job site and improve the efficiency and speed of con- struction and management. Our efforts on this were recognized and we received an excellence
award in the Ministry of
Land, Infrastructure and
Transport (MLIT) Fiscal
2020 i-Construction
Awards.
Shimizu will continue to develop ICT-based construction and man- agement, and roll it out to job sites nationwide.
Construction simulation using 3D data (see above) Scene of construction (see below)
(Ashigara-gun, Kanagawa pref.)
Safety 2.0 Certification Acquired for New Construction of the Western Section of Takimurozaka Tunnel on National Route 57 in Kumamoto Prefecture
Takimurozaka Road on National Route 57 is a section of the Naka- Kyushu Crossing Road linking Kumamoto and Oita. It is a promising project that will build transportation network for a wide area that is resilient to disasters, improve logistics efficiency, and enhance transportation safety, among other benefits.
This project is 6.3 km long. Shimizu is building approximately 2.7 km of the western section of the tunnel, which is approximately 4.8 km long. We are working to develop and verify various technol- ogies using ICT and IoT to build a Shimizu Smart Tunnel in this proj- ect. Our risk mitigation system to prevent accidents involving work- ers and heavy machinery is one of the main components of Shimizu Smart Tunnel. This system received a Safety 2.0 Compliance Standard, Level One certification.
Shimizu is naturally proceeding on the project with safety and efficiency in mind, and will build a transportation network that will provide safety and security for everyone in the region.
Contributing to Urban Development That Protects People From Climate Change
The pneumatic caisson construction method is being used in Phase 2 of the Nagoya City Hirokawa pump site construction project. This method involves building the frame for a massive subterranean caisson (chamber) that has a horizontal surface of 52 m x 29.5 m and is 65 m deep above ground, and then sinking it with dead weight while drilling below. The sinking of the subterranean struc- ture has been completed.
In this project, we are constructing the subterranean structure for a rainwater discharge facility that will continuously discharge rainwater drainage from the region that includes the area around Nagoya Station where urban functions are concentrated, and other regions into the Nakagawa Canal.
We are working to complete construction of the subterranean structure in January 2022, while taking the peripheral environment into consideration. This
project is intended to
     protect the lifestyles of people in the area from the threat of natural disasters due to climate change.
  Lighting stand
Directional high-intensity red LED light
Position management system for workers and heavy machinery
Decision to halt work
Alert and lighting equipment control system
approx. 65m
52m
  Risk mitigation system to prevent accidents involving workers and heavy machinery Construction project of the Western Section of Takimurozaka Tunnel on National Route 57 in Kumamoto Prefecture (Kikuchi-gun, Kumamoto Prefecture)
Cross section view of the Hirokawa pump construction project of Nagoya City (Nagoya City, Aichi Prefecture)
29.5m
  Civil Engineering Business
Contributing to the achievement of SDGs through business activities
Shimizu responds precisely to the dynamic changes in the environment surrounding the civil engineering business by developing and using new technologies and expanding our business domains to new areas. These activities enable us to meet the construction needs of and solve problems for communities and customers. We will contribute to safe, secure, and abundant living for everyone through high quality public infrastructure.
 Key Strategies
We will improve productivity and profitability by strengthening our organization and technological development, and will expand our business domains through external partnerships.
1. Strengthen organizational capabilities
• Increase the number of civil engineers, develop technically skilled talent for design and construction and renewable energy engineering, imple- ment training to consistently transfer and embed expertise
• Develop sales personnel with advanced customer response and commu- nication skills
2. Improve productivity through technology and innovation
• Full-scale implementation of i-Construction and CIM (Construction Infor- mation Modeling/Management); innovate production and management systems
• Develop differentiating technologies in key areas including infrastructure renovation, disaster prevention and mitigation, and energy
3. Expand businesses
• Grow the maintenance management and consulting businesses
• Expand upstream and downstream business by strengthening design and
technology core competencies
Progress Status
Mid-Term Management Plan
   1. Build a stable revenue base
・We received an order for the Hirakata Tunnel Project on the New Meishin Ex- pressway, the largest-diameter shield tunnel in the world.
・We received orders in the new area of large-scale expressway renovation for bridge deck replacement on the Shoryo Bridge and two other bridges on the Tomei Expressway and bridge deck replacement on the Iwaigawa Bridge on the Tohoku Expressway.
・Shimizu is adding more civil engineers on an ongoing basis to secure a stable revenue base.
2.Improve productivity through technology and innovation
・Shimizu received Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transportation (MLIT) 9th
Robot Award and the Japan Construction Machinery and Construction Associ- ation (JCMA) top grand prize award in fiscal 2020 for joint development of an automated robot system for pouring concrete lining in tunnels with West Nippon Expressway Company Limited (NEXCO West) and other companies.
・We received JCMA excellence award in fiscal 2021 for joint development of a triple-lens camera for detection of rebar arrangement with Sharp Corporation.
3.Expand businesses
・We rolled out a business structure that secured local sales and production
structures in our overseas civil engineering business, even amid the COVID-19 pandemic.
 50 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
   Permitted access area Cutting area
ABOUT SHIMIZU ESG MANAGEMENT AT SHIMIZU MESSAGE FROM THE OFFICER SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION
 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 51

 The New Trinity Tower in Jakarta (Indonesia)
Shimizu is also participating as an investor with the Mitsubishi Estate Group, in addition to performing the design and construction.
 52 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
Overseas Construction Business
Shimizu utilizes its technological and proposal capa- bilities cultivated as a construction general contractor to pursue local business activities in many countries around the world. We bring together our expertise in construction and design technology as well as real estate development, engineering, energy, the environment, and a wide range of other businesses in the Shimizu Group to demonstrate Group integrated strengths to meet a diverse range of needs and provide optimal solutions around the world.
Contributing to the achievement of SDGs through business activities
Mid-Term Management Plan
Key Strategies
We will utilize our proposal and technological capabilities and inte- grated strengths to pursue a strategy of differentiation and diversifica- tion, and build a resilient structure for surviving in the global market.
1. Improve profitability of projects
• Establish competitive advantage for projects requiring advanced technol- ogy and expertise
• Increase Design and Build projects in new markets
2. Build organizational capabilities
• Retain and develop more global talent to deliver highly complex projects, grow related businesses, and increase resiliency
• Strengthen proposal skills through greater internal collaboration (process engineering for production facilities, BCP, and renovation)
3. Expand and broaden global presence
• Build global alliances with leading companies in construction-related fields, IT, real estate development, smart cities, and renewable energy
• Grow the PPP, infrastructure operations, construction management and consulting businesses
Progress Status
1. Improve profitability of projects
• We constructed ultra-high-rise buildings, advanced medical facilities, and luxury hotels in addition to production facilities and public infrastructure.
• We undertook a wide variety of projects based on our strengths in designing and building and on our advanced technologies.
2. Build organizational capabilities
• We seized the opportunity presented by COVID-19 to accelerate the pace of digi- tal transformation (DX) of job site management even more.
• We accelerated restructuring of our business operations into operations led by local personnel with an eye toward the future.
3. Expand and broaden global presence
• We collaborated on Trinity Tower in Indonesia and other real estate development projects.
• We acquired shares in Perigon International Inc. of the U.S.
• We collaborated with other businesses in the Shimizu Group to develop greater
     depth in business expansion.
    Steady Accumulation of a Record in Medical Facility and Office Construction
Shimizu is focusing on the construction of condominiums and office buildings, including medical facilities and ultra-high-rise buildings, while also building a diverse array of production facilities around the world. We have utilized our extensive expertise in Japan to build medical facilities in Singapore and Africa. Several of these facilities have been completed and we are still in the process of constructing medical facilities in Singapore and Taiwan. We have also designed and built a large office building in Singapore and ultra-high-rise building in Indonesia that is 250 m tall. In Thailand, we began con- struction of a new hotel this summer, in addition to the large hotel completed last year.
We are expanding remote management and inspection systems using ICT tools at job sites to ensure business continuity during the pandemic, and with an eye toward the post-pandemic environment.
Mount Alvernia Hospital (completed perspective) (Singapore)
Contributing to the Growth of Asia and Africa Through Infrastructure Construction
Shimizu is involved in public infrastructure construction projects in various locations around the world while adapting to many differ- ent construction conditions. We have contributed to the economic growth of each country by providing Japanese technology and expertise and employing and training local human resources. In Indonesia, we are building a hydroelectric power plant that will use water from the Asahan River that flows out of Lake Toba, the world’s largest caldera lake, in Sumatra. We are also working on Phase 2 of the MRT* North-South line construction project in Jakarta. In the Philippines, we are building a new bypass in the south on Mindanao Island in addition to the first subway project in the country, in Manila. In Ghana, we are renovating a major international artery that links main cities, and we are undertaking road improvements in the
capital of Uganda, such as a bridge over an intersection.
Shimizu is the corporate chair of the Japan-Africa Infrastructure Development Association (JAIDA), which was established in 2016 after the Sixth Tokyo International Conference on African Development (TICAD VI) to promote high-quality infrastructure investment by Japan to African countries. As the chair, Shimizu plays a central role in building bridges of friendship between Japan and Africa. We are building both public and private partnerships and promoting exchanges based on the principle of “MADE WITH JAPAN,” and are contributing to the development of various coun-
tries in Africa.
* Mass Rapid Transit (MRT), including a subway
2nd Africa-Japan Public-Private Conference
Corporate Regional Headquarters Established to Centralize Management of the North American Business
In North America, we established Shimizu America Inc. as a regional headquarters in April 2020. It was established to integrate man- agement and operation of our North American business, speed up decision-making, create synergies between businesses, roll out businesses suited to local characteristics, and expand business through detailed management. In October 2020, we acquired 100% of the shares of the engineering company, Perigon International Inc., making it a subsidiary of Shimizu America Inc. We will expand sales through the company and further strengthen our engineering capabilities in North America through human resource exchanges.
Members of management at Perigon International Inc.
      News Release
Shimizu JV Awarded Contract for Jakarta MRT North-South Line Phase 2, Following on Phase1 https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/company/about/news-release/2020/2019049.html
News Release
Shimizu acquires 100% of Shares in a U.S. Engineering Company https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/company/about/news-release/2020/2020032.html
     ABOUT SHIMIZU ESG MANAGEMENT AT SHIMIZU MESSAGE FROM THE OFFICER SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION
 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 53

 MEBKS TOYOSU (Koto-ku, Tokyo
   Development Begun on a Large Rental Office Building in the Marunouchi Area of Nagoya, With an Eye toward the New Normal Environment
Shimizu began development of a large rental office building in the Marunouchi area in Naka-ku, Nagoya in February 2021, as a joint development project of three partners, including Shimizu.
The plans are based on the concept of an office that can accommodate diverse workstyles and fulfill the three functions of adaptation to the new normal, environmental friendliness, and BCP response. The building will be equipped with the latest AI and IoT technology and common meeting rooms and co-working spaces for the exclusive use of tenants. We are planning to create space for workstyles of the new normal era and install an aseismic base isolation structure and high performance air exchange system to achieve a ZEB Ready or higher level of environmental performance.
We will marshal Shimizu integrated strengths to complete the building in 2024, and succeed in making this an innovative office building in the era of the new normal.
Nagoya Marunouchi 1-chome Plan (tentative name, completed perspective) (Nagoya City, Aichi Prefecture)
Cleanrooms Installed as the Final Step in Completing the S.LOGi NIIZA East 2 Project
We completed S.LOGi NIIZA East 2, the final building in the S.LOGI NIIZA large-scale logistics facility development project, in June 2021.
This project was developed as a build-to-suit warehouse while incorporating the needs of tenants, and is also equipped with five cleanrooms.
The project took eight years from the time the corporate sup- porters were selected for the land repurposing project. The com- pletion of S.LOGi East 2 marks the completion of the entire S.LOGi NIIZA project for an investment of around 40 billion yen, and it will begin operating at full occupancy.
The entire Shimizu Group will continue to focus on development of new logistics facilities, using the experience gained from this project.
  Panoramic view of S.LOGi NIIZA with East 2 in the foreground (Niiza City, Saitama Prefecture)
Acquisition of The Shaw, a newly constructed rental housing building in Washington D.C., in the U.S.
In July 2020, we acquired The Shaw, a newly constructed rental housing building in Washington D.C., through our local U.S. sub- sidiary, Shimizu Realty Development (U.S.A) Inc. This property is located in a popular residential area with many bars, restaurants, and commercial facilities. It is in a good location that is reasonably close to the subway and offers good transportation access by car. It is divided into 69 units with a common area and residential facilities that meet the specifications of a condominium, and can be expected to provide stable revenue in the future. This property was the second addition to our portfolio after the Albano Building, a rental office building in New York that we acquired in 2019, and we plan to expand our investment in the North American region more.
    The Shaw, rental housing in Washington D.C. (U.S.)
  Investment and Development
Business
(Real Estate Development Business)
Contributing to the achievement of SDGs through business activities
Shimizu will optimize the business portfolio for further growth while expanding businesses and regions in the real estate development business, the core of our non-construction businesses. We will utilize the technologies of the Shimizu Group to develop comfortable, efficient communities. We will also expand our asset management business to expand the building stock business for the entire Shimizu group.
 Key Strategies
We will expand business domains and areas with the optimal portfolio for further growth in mind and will utilize Shimizu Group technologies to develop comfortable, efficient communities.
1. Expand asset portfolio
• Increase the amount of number for sale and lease
• Expand the logistics facility business and develop other growth markets
2. Create new value through all facets of urban development
• Create new value in office buildings through ecoBCP renovation, and innovations in sustainability
• Increase activities in regionally focused community development and large scale urban planning and development
3. Optimize overseas portfolio
• Diversify the countries targeted for investment based on growth potential and risk profile
i : Singapore: New development and leasing of offices and other build- ings, and redevelopment of former company sites
ii : ASEAN: Housing development lots, development and leasing of offic- es and other buildings
iii : U.S.: Renovation and development to increase the value of existing properties, and new development of rental housing and industrial properties
Progress Status
Mid-Term Management Plan
   1. Expand asset portfolio
• We increased rental assets by roughly 480,000 m2 by completing development of nine properties including S.LOGi NIIZA, the large office project, YOKOHAMA GRANGATE, and MEBKS TOYOSU in addition to the acquisition of five existing buildings.
• We completed YOKOHAMA GRANGATE, the first tenant building in Japan to ob- tain WELL certification in addition to LEED certification.
• We completed MEBKS TOYOSU, which is suited for diverse needs such as R&D. • We introduced our proprietary DX-core technology, in the Toyosu 6-chome project aimed at making it a Smart City, and also equipped existing buildings with
DX-core.
• We used Shimizu technology to complete the E2 Building equipped with clean-
rooms in the S.LOGi project, a large logistics facility.
2. Optimize overseas portfolio
• In the ASEAN region, we completed the Robinson Road project in Singapore and ISORAS CIKARANG and Trinity Tower in Indonesia, and acquired INDOCHINA PLAZA HANOI in Vietnam.
• In North America, we acquired the Albano Building, a rental office building in New York, and acquired and began operating The Shaw rental housing in Washington D.C.
• We are using our company-wide sales network, securing outstanding local part- ners, and working on forming new projects.
 54
Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
   ABOUT SHIMIZU ESG MANAGEMENT AT SHIMIZU MESSAGE FROM THE OFFICER SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION
 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 55

  Dream Wind Ehime Seiyo (Seiyo City, Ehime Prefecture) (generation capacity of 16 MW)
   Alternative Energy
Shimizu is working in the areas of renewable energy and ocean resource development. We have received many orders for the for- mer in particular, for planning, design, and construction of power generation plants, and the construction of solar power plants and onshore wind farms. We are currently building the world’s largest SEP (self-elevating platform) vessel. This SEP will make efficient and reliable construction of ultra-large wind turbines that are anchored in the seabed in offshore wind farms. We are aiming to achieve top market share in offshore wind farms, following our success in onshore wind farms.
Plant
Shimizu provides total engineering solutions encompassing the entire process from planning and design to installation construction and commissioning of production facilities for the pharmaceutical, food, chemical, cosmetics, semiconductor, and other industries. We will utilize our extensive engineering expertise in the production pro- cesses and important points to manage in each industry, as well as our integrated strengths in handling both production facilities and buildings to expand into regenerative medicine and other new areas and actively expand overseas.
Water equipment for manufacturing at the Tateyama Plant (Phase 1) of Maeda Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd (Nakaniikawa-gun, Toyama Prefecture)
Information Solutions
As the only business division that specializes in ICT at a general construction contractor, we provide integrated system solutions for the entire process from design to construction and maintenance for a wide variety of facilities and usage purposes, including offices, schools, hospitals, hotels, arenas, data centers, R&D centers, plants, and logistics facilities.
In fiscal 2020, we commercialized the DX-Core digital trans- formatio(n DX)platform, which controls the system and links the functions of various kinds of operating equipment, IoT devices and applications in the building. We continue to expand DX for building operation.
    JPS 20 Osaki City Sanbongi Solar Power Plant
(11.88 MW generation capacity) (Osaki City, Miyagi Prefecture)
Soil Environment
Shimizu provides solutions for addressing environmental pollution by performing soil and groundwater pollution surveys and cleanup. In the soil area, we develop the appropriate processing method technology for the pollution source and use a treatment method suitable for the site. In recent years, we have expanded the types of pollution we are capable of remediating to radioactive substances, dioxins, and other types of pollution. We will use our accumulated technological capabilities, experience, and expertise to continue to expand this business overseas.
    Thermal desorption soil remediation(test facility) (Kuwana City, Mie Prefecture)
Shimizu’s Engineering
https://www.shimz.co.jp/engineering/index2.html
Commercialization of DX-Core building operating system (OS) announced in October 2020
Connected to elevators
Face recognition system
Congestion map
Enhanced building entrance security
Self-driving car arrangements via smartphone app
Determines overcrowding
Guide robot
  Engineering Business
Shimizu is expanding and strengthening the four core areas of alternative energy, soil environment, plant, and information solutions on an ongoing basis to build a sustainable growth base. We will also strive to utilize the potential of these four areas without limiting ourselves to the existing framework to break into new businesses and create value that exceeds the expectations of society.
Mid-Term Management Plan
Contributing to the achievement of SDGs through business activities
 Key Strategies
We will focus on alternative energy, environmental cleanup, life sci- ences, and digital solutions and realize zero carbon communities and safe, secure, and healthy living environments.
1. Expand the EPC business in the four core areas of energy, environment, production plants, and information technology
• Increase Shimizu’s share of large onshore and offshore wind farm proj-
ects
• Broaden environmental decontamination engineering capabilities building
on existing soil decontamination technologies
• Increase orders of efficient plant turnkey operations by automating ad-
vanced production facilities
• Expand ICT systems projects
2. Enter new markets and diversify our revenue base
• Break into new areas such as next-generation energy, life sciences, advanced digital technology, and marine resource development; pursue alliances with venture firms and cross-industry players
• Move into advanced facility operation and management
Progress Status
   1. Expand the EPC business
• We co-created with customers from the upstream stages of projects and received EPC orders that integrate the process from planning through execution.
• We used points of differentiation such as the SEP vessel under construction and soil remediation as well as our expertise and technology in sales activities.
2. Enter new markets
• We developed a building operating system (OS) to support digital innovation in building operation and commercialized it as DX-Core.
• We used our record in technology exchanges in the field of regenerative medicine to generate a cell culturing facility project and received an order for this.
3. Pursue alliances with cross-industry players and venture firms
• We engaged in strategic M&A to acquire a local engineering company and ex- pand business in the U.S.
• We embarked on individual soil and plant projects in Vietnam and accumulated expertise in overseas business.
4. Enter new markets and diversify our revenue base
• Thanks to synergies with our LCV business, we utilized our knowledge of EPC to enter the wind farm operation business.
 56 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
   ABOUT SHIMIZU ESG MANAGEMENT AT SHIMIZU MESSAGE FROM THE OFFICER SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION
 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 57

 Shinshu Wood Power biomass power plant
Began operating in July 2020 (Tomi City, Nagano Prefecture)
  BSP (Building Service Provider) Business
Shimizu works closely alongside customers to roll out a broad range of BSP businesses such as services for installing renewable energy power generation equipment in facilities, facility management ser- vices, and energy-saving renovation services to contribute to the advancement of zero carbon communities.
We are also pursuing renovation business based on themes such as the new normal, digital, and health. We are partnering with other divisions in pursuing high-efficiency building management business using Shimizu’s digital solutions.
Energy Business
In the energy business, Shimizu is developing businesses in power generation using diverse renewable energy sources such as solar power, biomass, and micro hydroelectric power plants, and is engaged in electric power retail distribution. In May 2021, the Ainomatadani hydroelectric power plant, our first micro hydroelec- tric plant, began operation. We will also focus on the commercial- ization of geothermal, wind power generation, and other sources of renewable energy in the future.
Our subsidiary, Smart Eco Energy, is expanding its supply range and supplying environmentally friendly green electric power to cus- tomers, construction sites, and other locations.
Ainomatadani micro hydroelectric power plant (Niikawa-gun, Toyama Prefecture)
Began operating in May 2021
PPP (Public-Private Partnership) Business
In April 2021, Shimizu established a new PPP Business Division to strengthen initiatives in the infrastructure management business. This business division bids on concession business in airports, cultural and educational facilities, and other facilities ordered by the national and local governments, with the goal of participating in the concession business by acquiring operating rights.
We are also expanding business domains in preparation for increasing privatization of infrastructure management and are also working on initiatives in the infrastructure management business such as roads and other lifestyle infrastructure, and overseas infrastructure.
       Morinomiya University of Medical Sciences (Osaka City, Osaka) Providing building management services since February 2020
ICT and Smart Business
In our ICT and smart businesses, we are using IoT and AI to provide completely new services and are also pursuing initiatives aimed at creating smart cities. We have plans for inclusive navigation that combines smartphone screens and voice navigation to improve con- venience for people with visual impairments and wheelchair users, and for the creation of smart cities and smart buildings through the use of digital twins. At present, we are rolling out inclusive nav- igation in the Muromachi district of Nihonbashi in Tokyo, and are considering introduction in public facilities, airports, and other such facilities in the future.
      Rolling out inclusive navigation in the Muromachi district of Nihonbashi (Chuo-ku, Tokyo)
We plan to enter the road maintenance and management business using imaging technology
  LCV
Shimizu will create value over the lifecycle of buildings and infrastructure, energy, and
communities and improve user satisfaction to build a sustainable future based on the
business concept of LCV (Life Cycle Valuation).*1
*1 LCV (Life Cycle Valuation): Utilizing renewable energy, IoT, AI, etc. to provide comprehensive services and solutions including investment and partnership.
Mid-Term Management Plan
Contributing to the achievement of SDGs through business activities
 Key Strategies
Shimizu will create value and improve user satisfaction over the lifecycle of buildings, infrastructure, and communities by providing a diverse range of services such as energy and management and opera- tion.
1. Expand service businesses (BSP)
• Become a one-stop Building Service Provider (BSP) through facility op- erations based on equipment servicing and further expand Facilities Man- agement, Property Management, and Building Management businesses with group alliances and advanced technology
• Provide health and well-being to users through the WELL (wellness) ser- vice business
2. Expand power and concession businesses
• Expand power generation and supply of renewable energy sources
• Strengthen infrastructure concessions business for airports and roads
3. Leverage advanced technology to promote services business and create smart cities
• Create an infrastructure and facilities database, participate in new busi-
nesses using IoT and AI for cutting edge community development (voice
navigation service, location information service, etc.)
• Create smart cities by building an urban OS (Operating System)
Progress Status
Shimizu expanded business activities that create value and provided services and solutions using the themes of zero carbon, the new normal, and digital as entry points.
1. Expand facility management services
• We provided renewable energy installation services and equipment services aimed at attaining zero carbon status.
• We strengthened consulting services for WELL certification (5 properties ac- quired certification).
• We built an efficient operating system and strengthened the management struc- ture through the use of digital tools.
2. Expand business in power generation using diverse renewable energy sources and strengthened initiatives in the infrastructure management business
• We began operating 4 solar power plants, 1 hydroelectric power plant, and 1
biomass power plant.
• We expanded the electric power retail distribution business through Smart Eco
Energy, a wholly owned subsidiary of Shimizu.
• We established the new PPP Business Division and strengthened the structure
for operating the infrastructure management business and other businesses.
3. We accelerated the expansion of the ICT service business and smart cities
• We introduced a voice navigation system in the Muromachi district of Nihon- bashi, in Tokyo.
• We used the opening of the Toyosu 6-chome redevelopment project to accelerate creation of a smart city encompassing the entire Toyosu area and contributed to new community development.
    58 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
   ABOUT SHIMIZU ESG MANAGEMENT AT SHIMIZU MESSAGE FROM THE OFFICER SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION
 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 59

 LUNA RING concept for generating enough solar power to meet 100% of the demand for electric power on earth (on left) and GREEN FLOAT future environmental island concept that Shimizu is working on commercializing (on right)
   Space Development Business
Shimizu is using the satellite position analysis technology developed through industry-academic partnerships for monitoring the ground surface, large structures, and precise location monitoring of heavy machinery and other mobile equipment. We will expand the use of this technology for other purposes in the future. We also aim to provide products that combine the technological advantages of Shimizu’s satellite position analysis technology and the synthetic aperture radar (SAR) analysis technology of Synspective Inc., a company we invested in, in 2019.
Harmony with Nature Business
In the agriculture, forestry, and fishery, and biochemical industries, Shimizu is pursuing commercialization of businesses in stable food production and supply, local agriculture and forest regener- ation, and bioplastics and other businesses that eliminate the use of fossil materials.
Shimizu is developing a solutions business aimed at resolving problems that farmers face. Such problems include a shortage of workers due to the aging population and maintaining and expand- ing growing districts. We aim to promote community-based agri- culture in Kochi Prefecture, the top prefecture in horticulture in Japan, and contribute to local communities through this business.
SHIMIZU AGRI PLUS Inc. automated garlic chive shipment preparation work (Konan City, Kochi Prefecture)
Business Investment (Start-ups)
In 2020, Shimizu established a maximum investment limit of 10 billion yen for investment in venture companies and venture funds in Japan and overseas to strengthen R&D and expand our business domains. Shimizu is partnering with the Silicon Valley Innovation Center, our activity base in the U.S., and actively investing in prom- ising Japanese and foreign venture firms. We will engage in stra- tegic open innovation activities to verify the technology and create new business models.
    Strix-α, a small SAR satellite (Synspective Inc.) Ocean Development Business
Shimizu is developing technologies for floating structures. This devel- opment is aimed at solving social issues such as a rise in ocean levels due to global warming and land shortages accompanying the concentration of populations in urban areas. We have proposed construction of Float City, a structure that floats on the ocean’s sur- face and provides a safe and comfortable living. We are combining Shimizu’s planning capabilities in building construction for housing, infrastructure, and energy-related facilities with our offshore civil engineering technical capabilities to take on the challenge of creat- ing a new market for using the space above the ocean surface.
  Category A:
Category C:
Construction business domains Category B: New Business Domains Venture capital possessing venture information in the construction area
     Visual (VR/AR/MR)
Security Mobility
Real estate tech (PM, BM)
Environment/Energy
Sensors
AI and image processing
Robotics/Drones
Venture Capital
Emerging frontiers (Ocean/Space/Other frontiers)
BIM/CIM
  Process management/ supply chain
New materials
Health &
safety management
Communication
       GREEN FLOAT II, AIP certification obtained from the NIPPON KAIJI KYOKAI (ClassNK)
Target areas for corporate venture capital investment
News Release
Investment Allowance of 10 Billion Yen Set for Active Investment in Venture Firms in Japan and Overseas https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/company/about/news-release/2020/2020012.html
Venture capital possessing venture information in the construction area
  Emerging Frontier Business
Shimizu will expand the sphere of human activities from “onshore” to “offshore,” and from “earth” to “space,” while contributing to sustainable development of the earth and humankind by demonstrating the frontier spirit that has flowed continuously through our company since founding of our company by Kisuke Shimizu I. We will also engage in open innovation with start-up companies and develop businesses in areas of next-generation, innovative construction, and target expansion of the emerging frontier business.
Mid-Term Management Plan
Contributing to the achievement of SDGs through business activities
 Key Strategies
Shimizu will contribute to the sustainable development of the earth and humankind by expanding the sphere of human activities from “onshore” to “offshore,” and from “earth” to “space.”
We will contribute to global environmental protection and regional vi- talization through measures to combat climate change by co-existing in harmony with nature.
We will invest in promising venture companies as a strategic move for the next generation.
1. Expand ocean and space businesses
• Create a new market for “ocean cities of the future” and establish a one- stop business model for design, construction, and facility management
• Enter the small rocket launching business, develop businesses that utilize
satellite data, and pursue R&D on use of lunar resources, construction of lunar structures, and other uses of the moon
2. Launch environmentally innovative agri-businesses
• Further development of plant factory business with a closed farming system • Production of microalgae, a highly efficient method of producing non-an- imal proteins and fats, bioplastics (new materials derived from wood),
and other forms of petrochemical-free materials
• Utilize agricultural crop residues and revitalize local agriculture
3. Invest in next-generation construction technology and global-scale solutions
• Enter new businesses by investing in promising venture firms and culti- vating current collaborations
Progress Status
1. Ocean Development Business
• The entire company is engaged in the development of technologies for designing and building floating structures. We are currently involved in activities aimed at obtaining orders to floating structure projects in our civil engineering and engi- neering businesses.
2. Space Development Business
• We began construction of the rocket launch pad for SPACE ONE Co., Ltd., which we have invested in (scheduled for completion in fiscal 2021). We are preparing for the first rock launch.
3. Harmony with Nature Business
• We are working on agricultural projects such as strawberry production in Hokkai- do and preparing garlic chives for shipment in Kochi.
• We are pursuing commercialization of the bioplastics business and other busi- nesses that eliminate the use of fossil materials.
4. Venture Business
• We are engaging in open innovation using corporate venture capital aimed at ac- quiring next-generation construction technologies and creating new businesses.
    60 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
   ABOUT SHIMIZU ESG MANAGEMENT AT SHIMIZU MESSAGE FROM THE OFFICER SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION
 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 61

Directors, Audit & Supervisory Board Members, and Executive Officers
Directors (as of June 30, 2021)
Yoichi Miyamoto
Chairman of the Board and Representative Director
Kazuyuki Inoue
President and Representative Director President and Executive Officer
Toshiyuki Imaki
Executive Vice President and Representative Director
Executive Vice President and Executive Officer
Director, Building Construction Headquarters,
In charge of Information Management, Productivity Improvement, Associated Companies, and Global Strategy
Kentaro Ikeda
Senior Managing Officer and Representative Director
Motoaki Shimizu*1
Tamotsu Iwamoto*2
            July 1971 : June 2003 :
April 2005 : June 2005 : April 2006 : April 2007 : June 2007 : April 2016 :
Joined the Corporation
Executive Officer, Director, HOKURIKU Branch of the Corporation
Executive Officer, Director, KYUSHU Branch of the Corporation
Managing Officer, Director, KYUSHU Branch of the Corporation
Senior Managing Officer, Director, KYUSHU Branch of the Corporation
Senior Managing Officer, in charge of Marketing & Sales Promotion of the Corporation
President and Representative Director of the Corporation
Chairman of the Board and Representative Director of the Corporation (up to the present)
April 1981 : April 2013 :
April 2014 : April 2015 : June 2015 : March 2016 : April 2016 : April 2020 :
Joined the Corporation
Executive Officer, Director, Marketing & Sales Promotion Div. II, Building Headquarters of the Corporation
Managing Officer, Director, NAGOYA Branch of the Corporation
Senior Managing Officer, Director, NAGOYA Branch of the Corporation
Director, Senior Managing Officer, Director, NAGOYA Branch of the Corporation
Director, Senior Managing Officer, in charge of Marketing & Sales Promotion of the Corporation President and Representative Director of the Corporation
President and Representative Director, President and Executive Officer of the Corporation (up to the present)
April 1980 : April 2007 :
June 2008 : April 2010 : April 2013 : April 2014 :
June 2015 :
April 2016 : April 2017 :
April 2021 :
Joined the Corporation
Executive Officer, Director, Tokyo Building Construction Business Div. III, Building Headquarters of the Corporation
Executive Officer, Manager, Human Resources Dept. of the Corporation Executive Officer, Director, HOKURIKU Branch of the Corporation Managing Officer, Director, HOKURIKU Branch of the Corporation Senior Managing Officer, Deputy Director, Building Headquarters and Director, TOKYO Branch, Building Headquarters of the Corporation Director, Senior Managing Officer, Deputy Director, Building Headquarters and Director, TOKYO Branch, Building Headquarters of the Corporation
Executive Vice President and Director, in charge of Tokyo Metropolitan Area, Director, TOKYO Branch of the Corporation
Executive Vice President and Representative Director, Director, Building Construction Headquarters, in charge of Productivity Improvement and Information Management of the Corporation
Executive Vice President and Representative Director, Executive Vice President and Executive Officer, Director, Building Construction Headquarters, in charge of Information Management, Productivity Improvement, Associated Companies, and Global Strategy of the Corporation (up to the present)
April 1983 : April 2010 : April 2014 :
April 2015 : January 2016 : April 2016 :
April 2018 : April 2021 :
Joined the Corporation
Deputy Director, HOKURIKU Branch of the Corporation Deputy Director, Civil Engineering Sales & Marketing Div. II, Civil Engineering Headquarters of the Corporation Director, Civil Engineering Sales & Marketing Div. II, Civil Engineering Headquarters of the Corporation
Director, Civil Engineering Sales & Marketing Div. II, Civil Engineering Headquarters of the Corporation
Executive Officer, Director, Civil Engineering Sales & Marketing Div. II, Civil Engineering Headquarters, Director, Civil Engineering Planning Div., Civil Engineering Headquarters of the Corporation
Managing Officer, Director, Civil Engineering Sales & Marketing Div., Sales & Marketing Headquarters of the Corporation
Senior Managing Officer, Director, Civil Engineering Headquarters, in charge of Safety Administration & Environment of the Corporation (up to the present)
Director
February 1998 : July 2004 : June 2011 : June 2014 :
March 2017 : June 2017 :
Joined IBM Japan, Ltd.
Joined the Corporation
Director of SHIMIZU & CO., LTD.
President and Representative Director of SHIMIZU & CO., LTD. (incumbent)
Resigned from the Corporation
Director of the Corporation (up to the present)
Director
April 1974 : July 2001 : June 2005 :
June 2009 : June 2011 :
June 2015 :
June 2017 : June 2017 :
June 2019 : June 2021 :
Joined Ajinomoto Co., Inc.
President of AJINOMOTO VIETNAM CO., LTD.
Corporate Executive Officer, General Manager,
Human Resources Dept. of Ajinomoto Co., Inc.
Director, Corporate Vice President of Ajinomoto Co., Inc. Director, Corporate Senior Vice President of Ajinomoto Co., Inc.
Representative Director, Corporate Executive Deputy President of Ajinomoto Co., Inc.
Senior Advisor of Ajinomoto Co., Inc.
Outside Auditor of HOUSE FOODS GROUP INC. (incumbent) (scheduled to retire in June 2021)
Director of the Corporation (incumbent)
Outside Director of XEBIO Holdings CO., LTD.
(up to the present)
       Toru Yamaji
Executive Vice President and Director, Executive Vice President and Executive Officer, General Manager, LCV Headquarters, In charge of Engineering Business, Emerging Frontiers, and New Business Development
Kimio Handa
Executive Vice President and Representative Director Executive Vice President and Executive Officer,
In charge of Administrative Functions, SDGs & ESG Promotion, Director, Corporate Ethics Office
Hiroshi Fujimura
Executive Vice President and Director Executive Vice President and Executive Officer Director, Sales & Marketing Headquarters Deputy Director, Yumeshima (Osaka) Projects
Junichi Kawada*2
Mayumi Tamura*2
Yumiko Jozuka*2
      April 1981 : April 2011 :
April 2012 : April 2015 : April 2016 : April 2017 :
June 2017 :
April 2020 :
April 2021 :
Joined the Corporation
Executive Officer, Deputy Director, TOKYO Branch, Building Headquarters of the Corporation
Executive Officer, Director, KYUSHU Branch of the Corporation
Managing Officer, Director, KYUSHU Branch of the Corporation
Senior Managing Officer, in charge of Marketing & Sales Promotion of the Corporation
Senior Managing Officer, in charge of Marketing & Sales Promotion, Director, Marketing & Sales Promotion Div., Building Construction Headquarters of the Corporation
Executive Vice President and Representative Director, in charge of Marketing & Sales Promotion, Director, Marketing & Sales Promotion Div., Building Construction Headquarters of the Corporation Executive Vice President and Representative Director, Executive Vice President and Executive Officer, in charge of Engineering Business and LCV Business, and in charge of Emerging Frontiers of the Corporation Executive Vice President and Director, Executive Vice President and Executive Officer, General Manager, LCV Headquarters, in charge of Engineering Business, Emerging Frontiers, and New Business Development of the Corporation (up to the present)
April 1979 : July 2005 :
June 2008 : June 2010 : April 2014 : April 2018 :
April 2020 : June 2020 :
April 2021 :
Joined the Corporation
Manager, Accounting Dept., Civil Engineering Headquarters of the Corporation
Manager, Accounting Dept., Building Headquarters of the Corporation
Deputy Director, HOKURIKU Branch of the Corporation
President and Representative Director of Shimizu Comprehensive Development Corporation Managing Officer, Deputy Director, Sales & Marketing Headquarters, in charge of Compliance, Civil Engineering Headquarters, Deputy Director, Corporate Ethics Office of the Corporation
Senior Managing Officer, Director, Corporate Ethics Office, and in charge of Compliance, Sales & Marketing Headquarters of the Corporation Director & Senior Managing Officer
In charge of Administration and SDGs & ESG, Director, Corporate Ethics Office of the Corporation
Executive Vice President and Representative Director, Executive Vice President and Executive Officer, in charge of Administrative Functions, SDGs & ESG Promotion, Director, Corporate Ethics Office of the Corporation (up to the present)
April 1979 : April 2015 :
April 2017 : April 2018 : April 2019 : June 2020 :
April 2021 :
Joined the Corporation
Executive Officer, Building Headquarters, Deputy Director, Marketing & Sales Promotion Div. of the Corporation
Managing Officer, Building Construction Headquarters, Deputy Director, Marketing & Sales Promotion Div. of the Corporation Managing Officer, Sales & Marketing Headquarters, Director, Building Construction Sales & Marketing Div. of the Corporation
Senior Managing Officer, Director, Building Construction Sales & Marketing Div., Sales & Marketing Headquarters of the Corporation Director & Senior Managing Officer,
Director, Sales & Marketing Headquarters,
and Director, Yumeshima (Osaka) Projects
Executive Vice President and Director, Executive Vice President and Executive Officer, Director, Sales & Marketing Headquarters, and Deputy Director, Yumeshima (Osaka) Projects of the Corporation (up to the present)
Director
April 1978 : June 2007 :
April 2010 :
June 2015 : April 2017 :
June 2020 : June 2021 :
Joined Nippon Oil Corporation
(currently ENEOS Holdings, Inc.)
Executive Officer, General Manager, General Administration of Nippon Oil Corporation
(currently ENEOS Holdings, Inc.)
Director, Senior Vice President of JX Holdings, Inc. (currently ENEOS Holdings, Inc.)
Director, Executive Vice President of JX Holdings, Inc. Director, Executive Vice President of JXTG Holdings, Inc. (currently ENEOS Holdings, Inc.)
Trustee of ENEOS Holdings, Inc.
Director of the Corporation (up to the present)
Director
April 1983 : July 2002 :
December 2004 : June 2007 :
May 2010 :
June 2015 : June 2017 :
June 2017 : June 2019 :
Joined Sony Corporation
Executive Officer of Johnson Diversey Corporation (currently CxS Corporation)
CFO of adidas Japan K.K.
Executive Officer, Senior Vice President and CFO of Seiyu Corporation (currently Seiyu GK.)
Executive Officer, Senior Vice President and CFO of Seiyu Corporation (currently Seiyu GK.) and
Executive Officer, Senior Vice President and CFO of Walmart Japan Holdings GK. (Currently Walmart Japan Holdings K.K.)
Outside Auditor of Honda Motor Co., Ltd.
Outside Director, Audit and Supervisory Committee Member of Honda Motor Co., Ltd. (incumbent) (scheduled to retire June 2021)
Outside Director of Hitachi High-Technologies Corporation (currently Hitachi High-Tech Corporation) Director of the Corporation (up to the present)
Director
April 1984 : April 2001 :
July 2004 : August 2007 :
July 2010 :
May 2014 : June 2016 : July 2018 : July 2019 :
June 2021 : June 2021 :
Joined the Ministry of Labor
Head of Pharmaceutical Office, General Coordination Division, Pharmaceutical Safety Bureau of Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare
Director of Promotion Division, Gender Equality Bureau, Cabinet Office
Head of Work and Family Harmonization Division, Equal Employment, Children and Families Bureau of Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare
Head of Social Welfare and War Victims’ Relief Bureau, Welfare Promotion Division of Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare
Councilor, Cabinet Bureau of Personnel Affairs, Cabinet Secretariat
Director-General, Social Welfare and War Victims’ Relief Bureau of Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare Deputy Vice-Minister of Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare
Director-General for Human Resources Development of Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare
(retired in August 2020)
Outside Director of Tokyu Fudosan Holdings Corporation (incumbent)
Director of the Corporation (up to the present)
62 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 63
*1 Director Motoaki Shimizu is a Non-Executive Director and head of the Nomination and Compensation Committee. *2 Directors Tamotsu Iwamoto, Junichi Kawada, Mayumi Tamura and Yumiko Jozuka are External Directors.
      ABOUT SHIMIZU ESG MANAGEMENT AT SHIMIZU MESSAGE FROM THE OFFICER SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

Audit & Supervisory Board Members (as of June 30, 2021)
Executive Officers (as of June 30, 2021) President
Kazuyuki Inoue
Executive Vice Presidents Toshiyuki Imaki
Director, Building Construction Headquarters, In charge of Information Management, Productivity Improvement and Associated Companies and Global Business
Toru Yamaji
Director, LCV Headquarters, In charge of Engineering Business, Emerging Frontiers and New Business Development
Kimio Handa
In charge of Administrative Functions, SDGs & ESG Promotion, Director, Corporate Ethics Office
Hiroshi Fujimura
Director, Sales & Marketing Headquarters, Deputy Director, Yumeshima (Osaka) Project
Senior Managing Officers
Masahiro Indo
In charge of Production Technology, Building Construction Headquarters, Director, Robot & ICT Development Center, Production Technology Div., Building Construction Headquarters
Yutaka Ishikawa
In charge of Technology, Director, Technology Strategy Office
Koichi Ishimizu
In charge of Kansai Area, Director, Yumeshima (Osaka) Project
Kentaro Ikeda
Director, Civil Engineering Headquarters, In charge of Safety Administration & Environment
Yoshito Tsutsumi
Director, Tokyo Branch, In charge of Nuclear Business
Masanobu Onishi
Director, Design Div., Building Construction Headquarters
Managing Officers
Takeshi Sekiguchi
Director, Engineering Headquarters, Deputy Director, LCV Headquarters
Yasuhide Kuwahara
Director, Tokyo Civil Engineering Branch
Yoshiki Higashi
Director, Corporate Planning Div., In charge of Human Resources and Human Resource System Reform
Takao Haneda
In charge of General Affairs, Legal and Crisis Management, General Manager, Affiliated Business Dept., Director, Corporate Ethics Help-line Office
      Hideto Watanabe
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (standing)
Koichi Matsuoka
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (standing)
Atsushi Osada
In charge of Infrastructure, Sales & Marketing Headquarters, Okinawa Project, Sales & Marketing Headquarters
Hiroaki Taniguchi
Director, Kanto Branch
Shinichi Takiguchi
Director, Emerging Frontiers Div., In charge of Sales & Marketing, Sales & Marketing Headquarters
Akira Yamazaki
Director, Procurement Div., Building Construction Headquarters
Mitsuo Morii
Director, Global Strategy Div.
Toshihide Suenaga
In charge of Building Construction Sales & Marketing, Kansai Area, Sales & Marketing Headquarters, In charge of Sales & Marketing, Yumeshima (Osaka) Projects
Kouichi Yamashita
Director, Kansai Branch, In charge of Building Construction Yumeshima (Osaka) Projects
Tatsuya Shinmura
Director, Nagoya Branch
Executive Officers Kojiro Shimizu
Director, Tohoku Branch
Haruhiko Washimi
Director, Investment and Development Div.
Kazuhiko Kato
Deputy Director, Civil Engineering Sales & Marketing Div., Sales & Marketing Headquarters
Yoshihiro Higuchi
Director, Technology, Civil Engineering Headquarters
Takayuki Sakakima
Deputy Director, Design Div., Building Construction Headquarters, In charge of Structure
Kazuya Osako
Director, International Civil Engineering Div.
Toru Furuya
President and Representative Director, Shimizu America, Inc.
Hideo Yokoyama
Director, Building Construction Sales & Marketing Div., Sales & Marketing Headquarters
Hitoshi Fujita
Director, International Div.
Sadao Matsuhashi
In charge of Technology, Civil Engineering Headquarters
Yasuhide Yamada
In charge of Environment & Energy, Corporate Planning Div., In charge of Sales & Marketing,
Sales & Marketing Headquarters
Yutaka Gozu
In charge of International Sales & Marketing, Sales & Marketing Headquarters
Takefumi Saito
Director, Hokuriku Branch
Masakazu Hyodo
In charge of Finance & Accounting and IR
Tomoaki Harada
Director, Chiba Branch
Masamichi Miki
Director, Hiroshima Branch
Osamu Nakagawa
Director, Hokkaido Branch
Toru Noda
In charge of Technology, Civil Engineering Headquarters
Takuya Ito
In charge of Global Strategy Div.
Nobuhiko Sasaki
Director, Civil Engineering Sales & Marketing Div., Sales & Marketing Headquarters
Akinobu Sakao
Director, Kyushu Branch
Katsumi Sawahata
Director, Area Development Div., Sales & Marketing Headquarters, Director, Solution Sales Promotion Div., Sales & Marketing Headquarters
Hiroyuki Fujimoto
Deputy Director, Design Div., Building Construction Headquarters, Director, Proposal & solution Div.
Mika Kaneko
Director, Environmental Strategy Office, General Manager, SDGs & ESG Promotion Dept., Corporate Planning Div.
Naomi Onishi
In charge of Civil Engineering Kansai Area, In charge of Civil Engineering, Yumeshima (Osaka) Project
Naruki Ohashi
Director, Yokohama Branch
  April 1980 : June 2006 : June 2016 : June 2017 :
Joined the Corporation
Manager, Accounting Dept. of the Corporation Manager, Audit Department of the Corporation
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (up to the present)
April 1981 : July 2006 :
April 2008 :
April 2013 : June 2017 : June 2020 :
Joined the Corporation
Manager, Accounting Dept., TOHOKU Branch of the Corporation
Manager, Financial Management Dept. of the Corporation
Manager, Affiliates’ Business Dept. of the Corporation Manager, Audit Dept. of the Corporation
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (up to the present)
     Tetsuya Nishikawa*3
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (part-time)
Kaoru Ishikawa*3
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (part-time)
Toshie Ikenaga*3
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (part-time)
   April 1972 : August 1989 :
April 1993 : March 1998 : January 2007 :
August 2009 : November 2011 : December 2011 : January 2012 : June 2012 :
May 2013 : June 2013 : June 2014 : December 2018 :
Joined National Policy Agency
Manager, Investigation Div. II, The Criminal Investigation Bureau of Metropolitan Police Department
Chief of Wakayama Prefectural Police Headquarters Chief of Niigata Prefectural Police Headquarters Director General, Minister’s Secretariat of Ministry of Defense
Assistant Chief Cabinet Secretary
Advisor to Sompo Japan Insurance Inc.
Registered as Lawyer (Daiichi Tokyo BAR Association) Joined Kasahara Law Office (incumbent)
External Auditor of TAIHEI Engineering Co., Ltd. (incumbent)
External Auditor of SEKIDO Co., Ltd. (incumbent) External Director of LAC Co., Ltd.
Auditor of the Corporation (incumbent)
Audit & Supervisory Board Member, Soken Co., Ltd. (incumbent)
April 1972 : September 2002 :
January 2005 : January 2007 :
June 2010 :
April 2013 : June 2013 :
April 2014 :
May 2014 : June 2015 :
June 2016 : June 2017 : June 2020 :
Joined the Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Manager, International Society Cooperation Dept., Foreign Policy Bureau
Chief, Economic Affairs Bureau
Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Japan to Egypt
Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Japan to Canada
Retired the Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Senior Managing Director, The Japan Forum on International Relations, Inc.
Specially-appointed Professor, Kawamura Gakuen Women’s University
Director, Kawamura Gakuen (incumbent)
Director, The Society for Promotion of Japanese Diplomacy (incumbent)
Auditor of the Corporation (incumbent)
Outside Director of SMK Corporation (incumbent) Director, Mitsubishi UFJ Foundation (up to the present)
April 1983 : April 1987 : July 2003 :
July 2004 :
August 2007 :
September 2010 :
April 2012 :
September 2014 :
January 2016 : July 2018 :
June 2021 : June 2021 :
Joined Westdeutsche Landesbank
Joined Economic Planning Agency
Director, Research Division, General Affairs Division, Quality-of-Life Policy Bureau, Cabinet Office Counsellor, Economic, Fiscal and Social Structure Management, Cabinet Office
Associate Professor of Institute of Economic Research, Hitotsubashi University
Director, Policy Evaluation and Public Relations Division, Minister’s Secretariat, Cabinet Office Professor of Hosei Graduate School of Regional Policy Design
Director of General Affairs Division, Gender Equality Bureau, Cabinet Office
Vice-Governor, Shiga Prefecture
Director of Gender Equality Bureau, Cabinet Office (retired in August 2020)
Outside Director of SOHGO SECURITY SERVICES CO., LTD. (ALSOK) (incumbent)
Audit & Supervisory Board Member of the Corporation (up to the present)
 *3 Audit & Supervisory Board Members Tetsuya Nishikawa, Kaoru Ishikawa and Toshie Ikenaga are independent outside auditors.
64 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 65
      ABOUT SHIMIZU ESG MANAGEMENT AT SHIMIZU MESSAGE FROM THE OFFICER SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

Corporate Governance
Basic Views on Corporate Governance
Shimizu manages the company based on the principles contained in our corporate credo, The Analects and the Abacus. We strive to manage the company in a timely, highly efficient, transparent, and lawful man- ner to achieve sustained growth and increase corporate value over the medium and long term, while also earning a greater degree of trust from all our shareholders, investors, and all other stakeholders, including customers, employees, and local communities. We do so by fulfilling our social responsibilities through business activities.
To achieve this, we have separated the management strategy and decision-making function from the business execution function, and have established a structure that enables the Board of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board to appropriately supervise and audit the performance of each of these functions. Our basic policy on corporate governance is for our directors, executive officers, Audit & Supervisory Board members, and employees to implement compliance management based on the highest ethical standards.
Overview of the Corporate Governance Structure
Shimizu has adopted the structure of a company with an Audit & Supervisory Board. We have limited the number of directors and intro- duced an executive officer system to clearly separate the management strategy, decision-making, and oversight functions from the business execution function. We have established a system for supervising and overseeing management from an objective and neutral perspective by
taking steps to encourage energetic debate at Board of Directors meet- ings, and by electing outside directors, other non-executive directors, and outside Audit & Supervisory Board members who maintain a high degree of independence. The concrete structure and implementation status are detailed below.
• One-third or more of the Board of Directors elected are outside direc- tors to strengthen management supervision function, and to promote more energetic debate by the Board of Directors.
• Outside directors and other non-executive directors and outside Audit & Supervisory Board members use their extensive experience and sophisticated insight based on their individual career histories to oversee and supervise management and provide necessary advice as appropriate.
• The Company established a structure mainly consisting of the head office administrative departments to provide timely information and other materials to assist outside directors and other non-executive directors in performing their management supervisory duties (including tours of offices, job sites, etc.).
• The relevant divisions provide guidance on the Company in general, description of its businesses, and other relevant information to new outside directors and outside Audit & Supervisory Board members.
• Outside directors audit all duties performed by directors from a fair and impartial perspective.
• The Audit & Supervisory Board Members Office was established as the dedicated organization to support Audit & Supervisory Board
members. This office secures the necessary support staff to enable
more effective audits by Audit & Supervisory Board members.
• Audit & Supervisory Board members improve the effectiveness of management supervision by attending important meetings and obtain-
ing sufficient information from officers and employees without delay.
• When a Board of Directors meeting is held, the Board of Directors administrative office and other divisions provide explanations in advance to the outside directors, non-executive directors, and Audit &
Supervisory Board members.
• Outside directors and other non-executive directors regularly
exchange opinions with the chairman and president.
• Regular Outside Officers Meetings are held for outside directors and outside Audit & Supervisory Board members, and regular Outside Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members Meetings are held for outside directors and all Audit & Supervisory Board members to
facilitate the exchange of opinions.
Main Governing Bodies Established by Shimizu
(including discretionary committees and other meeting formats)
Board of Directors
The Board of Directors holds meetings once a month as a rule, and as needed. It makes decisions on matters specified in laws and regulations and the Articles of Incorporation as well as other important matters, and supervises the execution of duties. The Articles of Incorporation specifies 12 as the maximum number of directors. These directors consist of seven executive directors who are highly knowledgeable in each area of Shimizu’s business and five non-executive directors, four of whom are outside directors with extensive expertise and experience in their respective specialties. All four meet the standards for inde- pendence specified by the Tokyo Stock Exchange. The Chairman and Representative Director serves as the chair of the Board of Directors. Audit & Supervisory Board
The Audit & Supervisory Board meets once a month as a rule, and addi- tionally as necessary. It makes decisions on audit policy, audit plans, auditing methods, and other important audit matters, and deliberates on necessary matters concerning audits. The Articles of Incorporation sets the number of Audit & Supervisory Board members at a maximum of five, including three outside Audit & Supervisory Board members. The chair of the Audit & Supervisory Board is an Audit & Supervisory Board member chosen through discussion by the Audit & Supervisory Board. All three outside Audit & Supervisory Board members meet the standards set by the Tokyo Stock Exchange for independent officers, and oversee the management of Shimizu from an objective and neutral standpoint.
Nomination & Compensation Committee
Shimizu has established a Nomination & Compensation Committee to ensure fairness and transparency in the selection, dismissal, evaluation, and compensation of directors and executive officers. The members of this committee consist of five non-executive directors (four outside directors and one non-executive internal director) and one executive directors. The committee is chaired by a non-executive director.
Risk Management Committee
Our Risk Management Committee ascertains and analyzes risks that would have a serious impact on our corporate group, which consists
of Shimizu and its subsidiaries. It also determines key risk manage- ment items, and follows up and reports to the Board of Directors. The President and Representative Director serves as the chair of the committee and one full-time Audit & Supervisory Board member also attends committee meetings.
Committee on Corporate Ethics
Shimizu has established the Committee on Corporate Ethics to deter- mine company-wide policies on strict compliance with corporate ethics, laws and regulations, and deploy and follow up on compliance. The committee is also tasked with collecting all information on serious inci- dents involving wrongdoing as well examining ways to prevent incidents and recurrence and issuing directions to accomplish that. The President and Representative Director serves as the chair of the committee. One full-time Audit & Supervisory Board member and one outside expert (an attorney) also attend committee meetings.
Executive Officers Council
Shimizu has established an Executive Officers Council to communicate important matters and policies decided by the Board of Directors to executive officers and provide instructions to them. The President and Representative Director serves as the chair of this council and mem- bers consist of executive directors (other than the chair) and executive officers. One full-time Audit & Supervisory Board member also attends council meetings.
Overview of Corporate Governance Structure (as of June 30, 2021)
 Item
 Description
    Diagram of Corporate Governance Structure
Organizational form
Number of Directors
Director term
Number of female Directors
Number of Non-Executive Directors
Number of Independent Directors
Number of Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Number of Independent Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Executive officer system
Name of Accounting Auditor
Company with an Audit & Supervisory Board
12 (maximum of 12 permitted)
1 year
2
5 (including 4 independent Directors)
4
5 (maximum of 5 permitted)
3
Yes
Ernst & Young ShinNihon LLC
   Appoints Discloses information
Shareholders/General Meeting of Shareholders
 Appoints
 Investigates
  Directors/Board of Directors
         Nominating Compensation Committee
Appoints & supervises
Instructs, notifies, and supervises
Executive Officers
Corporate Auditor’s Office
Reports
Risk Management Committee
Internal audits Reports Whistleblowing
Reports
Audits and reports
Advises and guides
Committee on Corporate Ethics
Corporate Ethics Office
Audit & Supervisory Board Members/ Audit & Supervisory Board
 Reports
Accounting Auditor
Reports
Audits
  Law Firm
Reports
Instructs and communicates information
  President/Representative Director
Reports
   Summarizes Information
  Various types of meetings and committees
Reports and refers for discussion
Reports
Consultation and Reporting Desks (Corporate Ethics Help-Line Office)
   Audit Department
Internal audits
Subsidiary Presidents
    Instruct, notify, and supervise
Operating Divisions
Whistleblowing
Internal audits
  Operating Divisions
    Appoints
   Investigates
         Discloses information
Provide information
Evaluating the Effectiveness of the Board of Directors
Our Board of Directors evaluates the overall effectiveness of the Board of Directors once a year.
A summary of the evaluation method and results for 2020 are pro- vided below:
(1) Evaluation Method
All directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members complete a sur- vey. A self-analysis is performed through discussion by all directors and all Audit & Supervisory Board members at Board of Directors meetings, based on an analysis by a third party (attorney).
• Period covered: January to December 2020 (one year)
• Dates performed: Board of Directors meetings on February 24 and
March 9, 2021
• Main items evaluated: Composition and management of the Board of
Directors, management strategy and management supervisory func- tion, corporate ethics and risk management, decision-making process for appointment and dismissal, evaluation, and compensation of man- agement, dialog with shareholders and investors, etc.
    66 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 67
      Stakeholders
Nominates & supervises
Reports and refers for discussion
Consultation Reports
ABOUT SHIMIZU ESG MANAGEMENT AT SHIMIZU MESSAGE FROM THE OFFICER SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

Corporate Governance
(2) Summary of Evaluation Results
Conclusion: The Shimizu Board of Directors evaluated and determined the Board of Directors as a whole to be operating effectively.
(1) Status of response on issues indicated in the last evaluation of effec-
tiveness (December 2019)
Steady efforts to resolve issues were confirmed to have resulted in improvement. The Board will continue to work on further improvement.
a. Strengthen the system of global and group governance through
a global, group oriented management strategy. Reinforced the management oversight function, partially restructured overseas organizations, and partially restructured domestic subsidiaries.
b. Revise the standards for referral to the Board of Directors and operate Board of Directors meetings efficiently to ensure sufficient time for discussing important matters.
Partially revised the standards of referral and provide simple, clear explanations to the Board of Directors.
c. Provide prior explanations of agenda items for Board of Directors meetings further in advance and more substantial information that will contribute to management.
Systematically provide clear prior explanation of agenda items for Board of Directors meetings, as well as tours of construction sites, and overviews/explanation of businesses by operating divisions to non-executive directors (including outside directors) and Audit & Supervisory Board members.
d. Increase the number of opportunities outside of Board of Directors meetings for the chairman, president, and non-executive directors (including outside directors) or outside Audit & Supervisory Board members to exchange opinions. Hold regular opinion exchange sessions for the chairman, president, and non-executive directors (including outside directors, and opinion exchange sessions for
(2)
the chairman, president, and outside Audit & Supervisory Board
members.
e. Report opinions from shareholders and investors obtained through
IR and other activities to the Board of Directors in a timely manner. Schedule regular reports that provide an overview of IR and other activities to the Board of Directors.
Main issues to consider indicated in the current evaluation of effectiveness
a. Expand discussion of the topics of medium to long-term manage-
ment strategy and management supervision, and actions to take. b. Promote more communication between outside directors and management, including executive officers and heads of busi- ness divisions (create opportunities for free and open-minded
discussion).
c. Revise the Board of Directors standards of debate, and further
strengthen delegation authority and the management supervision function, with consideration for the proper separation of the roles of the Board of Directors and the executive function.
d. Share information on opinions and proposals expressed during advance screening and explanations for Board of Directors meet- ings, and work to achieve more active engagement in Board of Directors meetings.
e. Implement initiatives that utilize the traditions and unique strengths of the Company passed down over many years to improve governance.
Tetsuya Nishikawa
Kaoru Ishikawa
Toshie Ikenaga
Board of Directors meetings: Attended 15 out of a total of
15 meetings (100% attendance rate) Audit & Supervisory Board meetings: Attended 17 out of a total of
17 meetings (100% attendance rate)
Board of Directors meetings: Attended 15 out of a total of
15 meetings (100% attendance rate) Audit & Supervisory Board meetings: Attended 17 out of a total of
17 meetings (100% attendance rate)
(Assumed the position in June 2021)
 Name
Independent Officer
Important Concurrent Positions
Reasons for Appointment
Meeting Attendance During FY2020
    ○
Lawyer (Kasahara Law Office) External Auditor of
TAIHEI Engineering Co., Ltd. External Auditor of SEKIDO Co., Ltd. Audit & Supervisory Board Member, Soken Co., Ltd.
Tetsuya Nishikawa has held positions of authority in the police force, the Ministry of Defense, and the Cabinet Secretariat. He has extensive knowledge and experience in crisis management administration, and possesses expert knowledge as an attorney. We deemed him to be appropriate for appointment as an Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member because he is supervising management of the company from an objective, neutral perspective.
       ○
Director of Kawamura Gakuen Director of The Society for Promotion of Japanese Diplomacy
Outside Director of SMK Corporation Director, Mitsubishi UFJ Foundation
Mr. Ishikawa played a leading role in the area of foreign diplomacy, and possesses extensive experience and insights as a foreign diplomat. He possesses expert knowledge of international affairs and sustainable development goals (SDGs). We believe it is appropriate to appoint him as an outside Audit & Supervisory Board member because he can utilize his knowledge and experience to supervise management of the company from an objective, neutral, and global perspective.
       ○
Outside Director of
SOHGO SECURITY SERVICES CO., LTD. (ALSOK)
Ms. Ikenaga possesses many years of experience in administration and analysis of economic conditions and governmental policy issues. As the Vice Governor of Shiga Prefecture, she actively contributed to management of local governmental organizations, to promotion of diversity in the community as a whole, and various other areas. She possesses expertise, broad experience and insights into economics and management. We believe that she is capable of utilizing her experience and insights to supervise management of the company from an objective, neutral perspective.
          Standards regarding the Independence of Outside Officers (Outside Directors and Outside Auditors)
The Corporation deems an outside officer or a candidate for outside officer to have independence against the Corporation if he or she satisfies the following requirements:
1. An outside officer shall not be currently acting, nor have acted in the ten years before taking office, as a person who executes business (executive director or executive officer and other employee) of the Corporation or its subsidiaries.
2. An outside officer shall not currently be an important person who executes business (executive director, accounting advisor, managing officer, executive officer or manager and other important employee) of a major shareholder (a shareholder who holds 10% or more of the voting rights) of the Corporation.
3. An outside officer shall not currently be an important person who executes business of a major business partner of the Corporation (a business partner in the case when the amount received by the Corporation from such business partner in the most recent fiscal year exceeds 2% of annual consolidated net sales of the Corporation).
4. An outside officer shall not currently be an important person who executes business of a business partner who has major transactions with the Corporation (a business partner in the case when the amount paid by the Corporation to such business partner in the most recent fiscal year exceeds 2% of annual consolidated net sales of the business partner).
5. An outside officer shall not currently be an important person who executes business of a financial institution with which the Corporation has a financing reliance that is non- substitutable.
6. An outside officer shall not currently be a person who provides professional service as an attorney, certified public accountant or other consultant gaining from the Corporation a substantial amount of remuneration (more than ¥10 million in the most recent fiscal year) other than remuneration for directors and auditors.
7. An outside officer shall not be a relative (a spouse or a relative who is within the second degree of kinship) of an important person who executes business of the Corporation or its subsidiaries.
Appointed Outside Directors and Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members (as of June 30, 2021)
Tamotsu Iwamoto
Junichi Kawada
Mayumi Tamura
Yumiko Jozuka
Board of Directors meetings: Attended 15 out of a total of
15 meetings (100% attendance rate)
(Assumed the position in June 2021)
Board of Directors meetings: Attended 15 out of a total of
15 meetings (100% attendance rate)
(Assumed the position in June 2021)
Support Structure for Outside Officers
(outside directors and outside Audit & Supervisory Board members)
Shimizu has established a system to provide information to facilitate supervision of management by outside directors and other non-execu- tive directors in performing their duties. The administration departments in the head office play the main role in providing this information in a timely manner. The Corporate Auditor’s Office was established as a dedicated organization to support Audit & Supervisory Board members. A sufficient number of staff members have been secured to assist out- side Audit & Supervisory Board members. When a Board of Directors meeting is held, materials are distributed in advance and the Board of Directors administrative office and other divisions provide explanations in advance to the outside directors and the outside Audit & Supervisory Board members.
Policy on Determining Officer
(3) Future Initiatives
Shimizu will operate the PDCA cycle based on the results from evalu- ating the effectiveness of the Board of Directors and strive for improve- ment. We will aim to achieve even greater effectiveness in Board of Directors meetings and an even higher level of governance.
 Name
Independent Officer
Important Concurrent Positions
Reasons for Appointment
Meeting Attendance During FY2020
    ○
Outside Director of
XEBIO Holdings CO., LTD.
Tamotsu Iwamoto possesses expert knowledge and experience as an officer of listed companies and extensive knowledge and experience from many years in corporate management. We deemed him to be appropriate for appointment as an Outside Director because we think he will utilize this experience in supervising management of the company from an objective, neutral perspective.
       ○
–
Mr. Kawada’s many years in corporate management as an officer has given him extensive experience and deep insights into compliance and corporate governance, and corporate group governance in particular. We believe that he is capable of utilizing his experience and insights to supervise management of the company from an objective, neutral perspective.
     ○
–
Mayumi Tamura possesses expert knowledge and many years of experience in global companies. We deemed her to be appropriate for appointment as an Outside Director because we think she will utilize this experience in supervising management of the company from an objective, neutral perspective.
       ○
Outside Director of
Tokyu Fudosan Holdings Corporation
Ms. Jozuka possesses many years of experience and insights into labor and welfare administration, and expert knowledge and experience in diversity, the advancement of women, workstyle reform, and human resource development. We believe that she is capable of utilizing her experience and insights to supervise management of the company from an objective, neutral perspective.
   Compensation Director and executive officer compensation consists of a base salary which is paid monthly and performance-linked bonuses. Shimizu has established a Nomination & Compensation Committee which mainly consists of non-executive directors, including outside directors, to ensure fair and transparent evaluation and compensation of directors and officers through deliberation by the committee.
Non-executive directors, including outside directors, and Audit & Supervisory Board members are only paid a monthly salary to enhance the management supervisory function.
        68 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 69
      ABOUT SHIMIZU ESG MANAGEMENT AT SHIMIZU MESSAGE FROM THE OFFICER SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

Corporate Governance
Rules on the Compensation of Officers specifying the policy on deter- mining the compensation of each director were approved at the Board of Directors meeting held on February 24, 2021. A summary description of the policy on determination is provided below.
(1) Policy on Basic Compensation
A maximum total of 90 million yen a month in director compensation as base monthly salary was established at the 117th Annual General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 27, 2019. Compensation of out- side directors is capped at 10 million yen of the amount noted above.
A maximum total limit of 13 million yen a month in Audit & Supervisory Board member compensation was established at the 89th Annual General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 27, 1991 and the compensation is determined through discussion by the Audit & Supervisory Board.
(2) Policy on Performance-linked Compensation
A maximum annual total of 500 million yen for performance-linked bonuses was established at the 118th Annual General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 26, 2020. The Nomination & Compensation Committee deliberates and decides whether to pay a bonus and the amount to be paid. Director bonuses are indexed to consolidated net income, which represents the ultimate results of Shimizu Group busi- ness activities for one fiscal year. The degree of progress on achieving the goal for consolidated ordinary income for the fiscal year is also con- sidered and the basic bonus is calculated by multiplying the net income indicator by a certain percentage. This is multiplied by a specific index for each position and an additional amount is added according to the performance of each director.
Director and Audit & Supervisory Board Member Compensation (FY2020)
Moreover, an amount equivalent to 20% of the bonus is granted as compensation for acquiring Shimizu shares to give directors greater shared value with shareholders and to enhance corporate value over the medium and long term. The share-based compensation for each director is contributed to the officers’ stock ownership plan and is used to acquire Shimizu shares. Directors must also hold the shares acquired while employed by Shimizu and for a certain period of time after leaving the company.
Actual consolidated net income (Net income attributable to share- holders of the Corporation), used as the indicator for determining bonuses, was 77,176 million yen for consolidated fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, compared to the goal of 61,000 million yen. Actual consolidated ordinary income was 105,465 million yen, compared to the fiscal year goal of 84,000 million yen.
(3) Matters concerning delegation of decisions on compensation, etc.
Shimizu has established a Nomination & Compensation Committee which consists of a majority of outside directors and is chaired by a non-executive director, to ensure fair and transparent evaluation and compensation of directors and officers through deliberation by the committee.
The Nomination & Compensation Committee (which met nine times during the fiscal year) reviewed compensation for fiscal year ended March 31, 2021 and discussed the base monthly salary and the amount to be paid as bonuses for each director according to the evalu- ation of the performance of each director, based on the Rules on Officer Compensation. The committee determined the compensation to be in line with policy determined by the Board of Directors.
the sales amounted to 48.7 billion yen. As a result, the number of listed stocks held decreased from 187 on March 31, 2018 to 163 on March 31, 2021.
Shimizu also used part of the proceeds from the sale of such securities holdings to acquire 20 billion yen in treasury shares this fiscal year.
Policy on Constructive Dialog with Stakeholders
Shimizu believes that information disclosure and dialog with sharehold- ers, institutional investors, and financial analysts is important to achieve sustained growth and increase corporate value.
The President and other executive management attend financial results briefings and overseas IR meetings to engage in substantial dialog.
Internal Control System Establishment and Status
Financial results briefings and job site tours for financial analysts 4
Individual meetings with financial analysts 92
IR meeting (institutional investors in Japan) 4 IR meeting (overseas institutional investors) 1 SDGs・ESG briefing for analysts 1 ESG hearing 5 SR meeting (institutional investors and voting rights exercisers) 12
 FY2020 Activities
  Number
               Compliance System
 Risk Management System
  Systems to Ensure Proper Operation of the Shimizu Group
  System for Ensuring Effectiveness of Audits by Auditors
     Officer Category
 Total Compensation (¥ millions)
  Total Compensation by Compensation Type (¥ millions)
  Number of Eligible Officers
 Monthly Salary
 Bonus
    Of Which, Compensation for Acquiring Company Shares
 Directors
(excluding Outside Directors)
Audit & Supervisory Board Members
(excluding Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members)
Outside Officers
819 616
202 39
11
Shimizu has established a system of internal controls and the Board of Directors makes decisions on the Basic Policy on Establishing a System of Internal Controls to ensure proper operation of the company.
An overview of the operational status of internal control systems in fiscal 2020 is provided below.
(1) We provide ongoing education and training to officers and employees to ensure strict compliance.
(2) Shimizu has established three compliance hotlines based on an internal reporting system: A corporate ethics hotline, a counseling hotline, and an
outside hotline. All employees have been made aware of them, and the system’s operations are reported to the Committee on Corporate Ethics and the
Audit & Supervisory Board.
(3) The Committee on Corporate Ethics meets twice a year. It rolls out measures aimed at strict compliance with corporate ethics and laws and regulations
to the entire company and follows up on implementation.
(4) The Company will continue to strive for more thorough compliance.
(1) The Risk Management Committee meets twice a year. It identifies and analyzes risks that would have a serious impact on the corporate group, which consists of Shimizu and its subsidiaries, and determines the key areas of risk management. It follows up on implementation and reports to the Board of Directors.
(2) To confirm communication lines and the initial response to large earthquakes, we hold regular earthquake disaster drills and ask suppliers and local residents and others to participate.
(3) For overseas safety risks, we collect information on hazards based on the guidelines on overseas emergency response. As necessary, we also strengthen the security structure, issue warnings to relevant people, and limit overseas travel.
(4) To firmly establish information security measures and make sure that everyone understands them, we provide ongoing education and training to officers and employees, share information with relevant divisions, and respond swiftly when a problem occurs.
(5) In light of the global COVID-19 pandemic, the Company has launched a Crisis Response Headquarters chaired by the President and the entire company is working to implement measures to prevent the spread of infection.
(1) Shimizu holds two meetings a year to share information between the President of Shimizu and the presidents of group subsidiaries. We manage important items related to operational execution at subsidiaries through the Rules on Subsidiary Management.
(2) The Audit Department performs internal audits of subsidiaries based on the audit plan. Proper operational execution by subsidiaries is also monitored by dispatching auditors and other means.
(1) The Corporate Auditor’s Office is an organization dedicated to assisting the Audit & Supervisory Board. It is staffed with three full-time employees.
(2) An Audit & Supervisory Board member designated by the Audit & Supervisory Board attends important meetings such as meetings of the President’s
Office, meetings of Business Division heads, Risk Management Committee meetings, and Committee on Corporate Ethics meetings.
  64 64 – – 3
   103 103
––6
whether it of staff members have been secured to assist outside Audit & Supervisory Board members. When a Board of Directors meeting is held, materials are distributed in advance and the Board of Directors administrative office and other divisions provide explanations in advance to the outside directors and the outside Audit & Supervisory Board members. is necessary to hold the stock and confirming the relationship of trust with the business partner.
(2) Reduction in Number of Stocks Held
During fiscal 2020 (ended March 31, 2021, shares in 18 listed com- panies (stocks) were sold (including sales of part of the shares held). The number of listed stocks held was reduced by 35 stocks (including partial share sales) from fiscal 2018 to fiscal 2020. Proceeds from
  Securities Holding Policy
(1) Holding Policy
Shimizu holds shares of business partners as securities holdings in order to “strengthen and maintain the relationships with business part- ners” when necessary from the viewpoint of sales policy. The Board of Directors determines whether to acquire major securities holdings and takes the benefits to Shimizu, acquisition cost, risk of share price changes, and other factors into collective consideration in making such decisions. The Board of Directors examines the necessity of securities holdings for individual stocks each year, taking into collective consid- eration the economic rationality of such holdings including cost, risk, and sales benefits. The Company will reduce securities holdings in stages to promote the effective utilization of capital, after first verifying
 70 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 71
      ABOUT SHIMIZU ESG MANAGEMENT AT SHIMIZU MESSAGE FROM THE OFFICER SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

Communication with Important Stakeholders
We count community members and others among our important stakeholders in addition to our employees, customers, and shareholders/investors. Shimizu builds good relationships with all of our stakeholders
and engages in responsible corporate activities.
■ Basic Philosophy on Corporate Social Contribution Activities
Shimizu’s Corporate Social Contribution Activities
 Shimizu actively contributes to society and local communities as a corporate citizen. By doing so, we help preserve the abundance of the earth and create a future society in which all people on it can live with happiness.
Our activities are rooted in The Analects and the Abacus (Ethics and Economics), which contains the basic principles for managing our business; and our corporate slogan, Today’s Work, Tomorrow’s Heritage.
 Stakeholders
  Main Activities Description
  Customers
  Provide value that exceeds the customer’s expectations, rather than simply accurately assessing Business activities the customer’s needs. We pay direct visits to customers to hear their comments three months after
building completion and again after two years.
  Website Provide information on a timely basis
Shareholders and Investors
  General Meeting of Shareholders Held annually in June
 Financial results meetings Future forecasts, etc. explained to analysts
 IR events Offer tours of job sites, the Institute of Technology, and other locations in Japan and overseas
   Meetings for domestic and overseas institutional investors
Hold meetings with institutional investors in domestic and in Europe, the U.S., and Asia
   Employees
  Internal reports Published 10 times a year
  Informal social gatherings with the President
Direct dialog between the President and employees nationwide every year
  Family Day event An event held for the family members of employees
    Labor-management consultation
 Union activities Discuss labor relations and work environment
 Subcontractors
    Kanekikai
A conference for Shimizu’s subcontractors in 12 regions nationwide. The Kanekikai engages in activities to improve labor management, enhance skills, and eliminate accidents.
  Successor education & training An initiative to develop the next generation of leaders
  Members of the Local Community
  Briefings to explain construction projects to local residents
Held to explain construction projects before construction begins
  Job site tours To report the status of progress on construction
  Social contribution activities Local events and active volunteer participation
   Government and Administrative Agencies
BCP response Rapid response to government requests during an emergency
  External Organizations
  Activities in collaboration with NPOs and NGOs
Work together to solve social problems
     Based on the basic philosophy described above, Shimizu has specified four areas for key initiatives aimed at contributing to society: 1) Earth and the environment, 2) Education, 3) Culture and Arts, and 4) Social Inclusion. We are actively engaging in activities that contribute to local communities in these four areas. We also agree with the intent of the Japan Business Federation’s One-Percent Club and are aiming to use 1% of our ordinary income in voluntary social contribution activities. The percentage of ordinary income spent on social contribution activities in fiscal 2020 was 0.98% (¥970 million/¥98.6 billion in ordinary income (non-consolidated)).
* Activities of the Shimizu Foundation, Housing Research Foundation JUSOKEN, and Shimizu Scholarship Foundation, organizations that are closely connected to our Company, are included among these expenditures.
Participation in Planning for Accessibility Consortium of Enterprises (ACE)
ACE is a consortium of companies that aims to employ people with disabilities and improve the quality of their employment. ACE is striving to establish a new model for employing people with disabilities by holding seminars, workshops, forums, awards, and other events for those in charge of human resources and employees with disabilities. Shimizu also identifies with that philosophy and is actively participating in planning ACE events.
Yoichi Miyamoto, our Chairman, became the director of ACE in 2018. He leads ACE activities and also promotes internal initiatives aimed at employing people with disabilities and enabling them to make an active contribution to the company.
New Type of Wood Educational Activity
Tokyo Mokkoujou Arts & Crafts Furnishings provides woodworking classes in various areas nationwide to have children experience the warmth of wood and the joy of monozukuri (superb craftsmanship).
We planned and held many events even during the COVID-19 pandemic by focusing on devising remote wood educational events, “Woodworking at Home,” and other events to convey the attractions of wood to many children.
Shimizu Open Academy
Shimizu Open Academy is a public lecture course designed to convey the fun of monozukuri (craftsman- ship) to young people and members of the general public nationwide. Since it was launched in 2008, 60,000 people in total have taken part in the lecture course.
In fiscal 2020, when the COVID-19 pandemic made it difficult to hold in-person events, we created an online content that enabled people to take an internal tour of the Institute of Technology.
Our wood educational activities and the Shimizu Open Academy are certified for This is MECENAT 2021.
ACE-sponsored internship event held at Shimizu
Woodworking class held online
Shooting new content for the Institute of Technology
    72 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 73
      ABOUT SHIMIZU ESG MANAGEMENT AT SHIMIZU MESSAGE FROM THE OFFICER SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

 Ten-Year Highlights (Consolidated)
Shimizu Corporation and its subsidiaries Years ended March 31, 2012 through 2021
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021
¥1,477,049 ¥1,565,928 ¥1,608,266 ¥1,816,023 ¥1,318,739 ¥1,252,078
1,664,933 1,567,427 1,519,435 1,664,960 1,698,292 1,456,473
94,668 128,835 121,373 129,724 133,894 100,151
95,501 131,197 124,130 133,957 137,986 105,465
59,322 98,946 84,978 99,668 98,977 77,176
¥75.61 ¥126.11 ¥108.31 ¥127.04 ¥128.31 ¥101.17
¥16.00 ¥26.00 ¥26.00 ¥36.00 ¥38.00 ¥30.00
¥10.00 ¥10.00 ¥14.00 ¥14.00 ¥20.00 ¥20.00
¥6.00 ¥16.00 ¥12.00 ¥22.00 ¥18.00 ¥10.00
21.2 20.6 24.0 28.3 29.6 29.7
12.4 18.8 13.9 14.4 13.6 10.0
38,335 143,668 82,879 (14,933) 170,557 80,674
(14,051) (34,654) (30,938) (52,652) (115,745) (113,954)
9,199 (65,375) (26,124) (42,404) 68,732 (42,710)
274,167 315,803 341,158 229,978 352,722 276,321
 485,655 576,879 656,330 735,242 736,412 821,446
1,722,936 1,688,197 1,780,943 1,860,794 1,904,934 1,908,674
¥612.70 ¥728.78 ¥829.58 ¥929.72 ¥957.56 ¥1,068.74
392,482 340,010 338,264 319,400 441,315 422,688
27.9 33.9 36.5 39.2 38.3 42.7
0.82 0.59 0.52 0.44 0.60 0.52
 2021
$11,317,713
13,165,263
905,287
953,315
697,607
$0.91
$0.27
$0.18
$0.09
29.7
10.0
729,229
(1,030,051)
(386,069)
2,497,711
 7,425,170
17,252,774
$9.66
3,820,742
42.7
0.52
  For the year:
Construction orders awarded ¥1,242,347 ¥1,254,950 ¥1,474,084 ¥1,581,494
Net sales 1,336,194 1,416,044 1,497,578 1,567,843
Operating income 17,566 13,101 26,054 50,032
Ordinary income 16,159 17,330 29,277 56,246
Net income attributable to shareholders of the Corporation
1,430 5,901 14,191 33,397
 Net income per share of common stock (yen and U.S. dollars)
¥1.82 ¥7.52 ¥18.09 ¥42.56
Cash dividends per share of common stock (yen and U.S. dollars)
¥7.00 ¥7.00 ¥7.00 ¥8.00
Ordinary dividends (yen and U.S. dollars) ¥7.00 ¥7.00 ¥7.00 ¥8.00
Special dividends (yen and U.S. dollars) — — — —
Dividends payout ratio (%) 384.6 93.1 38.7 18.8
 ROE (%) 0.5 1.8 3.9 7.9
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 10,518 46,364 17,395 56,105
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities (21,566) (29,744) (27,977) (17,644)
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities (23,942) (14,045) (28,592) 14,305
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 209,773 216,634 183,440 242,482
  At year-end:
Net assets 307,002 358,094 376,048 481,896
Total assets 1,410,975 1,456,441 1,512,686 1,703,399
Net assets per share of common stock (yen and U.S. dollars)
¥387.74 ¥452.79 ¥474.43 ¥607.82
Interest-bearing debt 375,330 367,097 344,222 375,580
Equity ratio (%) 21.6 24.4 24.6 28.0
 Debt to equity ratio (%) 1.23 1.03 0.92 0.79
 74 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
2012 2013 2014 2015
 Millions of Yen (unless otherwise indicated)
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (unless otherwise indicated)
                Notes: 1. Yen amounts have been rounded down to the nearest million.
2. U.S. dollar amounts have been translated at the exchange rate of ¥110.63 to U.S.$1, the approximate rate prevailing at March 31, 2021.
3. The Group has applied the “Partial Amendments to Accounting Standard for Tax Effect Accounting” (ASBJ Statement No. 28, February 16, 2018) and relevant Guidances effective
from the fiscal year ended march 31, 2019.
Accordingly, Total assets and Equity ratio for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2018 are represented in accordance with the aforementioned standard, etc.
Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 75
ABOUT SHIMIZU ESG MANAGEMENT AT SHIMIZU MESSAGE FROM THE OFFICER SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

Shimizu Group Company Business Activities
There are seventy-four main subsidiaries and seventeen main affiliated companies in the Shimizu Group. These companies operate a wide range of businesses related to Shimizu’s construction, development, and other businesses. Shimizu intends to build a swift-footed Group management structure by implementing flexible Group management, strengthening governance, and establishing a structure that flexible use and shifting of Group human resources.
SC Machinery Corp.
Improving Productivity at Construction Sites through Optimal Operation of Construction Machinery
Mr. Keisuke Takegahara
Executive Fellow, Development Bank of Japan Inc.
Shimizu’s Corporate Report focused on the concept of the “Smart Innovation Company” described in the company’s long-term vision, SHIMZ VISION 2030, while changing the form of the report substantially, and achieving steady progress even amid the COVID-19 pandemic. The first thing that caught my eye was the fact that a new page had been created to introduce Shimizu’s value creation story. Shimizu’s value creation model was the underlying message that repeatedly surfaced in reading last fiscal year’s report. This fiscal year, the report presents a combined overview of the long-term vision and the Mid- Term Management Plan, by integrating a great deal of information, which facilitates understanding the value creation model.
The Top Message following this new page deepened my understanding of the structural snapshot provided on the new page. As was the case last year, the report impressed me as highly substantial in both quality and quantity. The report talks about aiming to achieve sustainable growth by pursuing value creation beyond the boundaries of the construction business from various angles. However, the focus on adapting to the new normal makes a particularly strong impression. The report stresses the determina- tion to not simply fall into cost-based competition amid the intensifying competition over orders in the construction business, which is Shimizu’s core business. It references consideration for human capital throughout the supply chain and digital strategy as elements of differentiation. It also put the focus on non-construction businesses such as real estate development and engineering as drivers of future growth and expressed an orientation toward innovation of the business structure (pursuing open inno- vation and M&A). Overall, I strongly sensed the focus on placing importance on investment in human capital, intellectual capital, and other intangible assets as sources of competitiveness, and this conveys the meaning of “integration of innovations” in talent, technology, and business structure in the value creation model, in a manner that is easy to understand.
This report added messages from two Officers to amplify the Top Message. The one of the officers who is in charge of Information Technology emphasized the stance of focusing on investment in R&D and human talent to establish innovation production technology, in addition to the concrete projects over the five years of the Mid-Term Management Plan, which is designated as a period of advance investment aimed at establishing new revenue bases. The message from the other officer who is in charge of Administration & Finance clearly outlines the strategy for positioning investment in digital technology, which Shimizu has a head start on, as the source of future competitiveness. Read together with the Top Message, I thought these messages provided a superb framework that enables the reader to gain a better three-dimensional understanding of the value creation model.
The report also spotlights progress on the environmental front. The dialog with Professor Oki expresses the importance of tying climate change to growth opportunities and the high potential of the construction business. It also reports on the formulation of the new environmental vision, SHIMZ Beyond Zero 2050. The active impact-oriented stance on providing positive environmental value to customers and communities, and not just zero negative environmental impact from the company’ own activities, draws a clear line differentiating this approach from the tendency toward passivity in the construction industry, depending on the customer’s inclinations. I also think that raising CO2 emissions reduction goals and declaring that Shimizu will achieve net zero in 2050 in combination with this orien- tation, as well as with the fact that Shimizu has expanded its TCFD coverage to non-construction busi- nesses, which are expected to be drivers of new growth, indicates Shimizu’s offensive environmental management in actively responding to changes in the external environment.
In the next corporate report, I look forward to the incorporation of the new elements added in this report into the value creation story. I think the management stance suggested in the messages from management of placing importance on intangible assets is a point that Shimizu should emphasize in this framework. Shimizu should also position the new visions in SHIMZ Beyond Zero 2050 and Shimz Digital General Contractor as elements that support value creation. This is a minor point, but I think there is more room to explore the relationship between the excellent non-financial KPIs that were highlighted and the key ESG management indicators mentioned later.
I look forward to the further evolution from this report, which represents a new level of completeness.
Thank you for your opinion.
We accepted the challenge of providing a combined overview of the long-term vision and Mid-Term Management Plan as pointed out by Mr. Takegahara in his inde- pendent opinion on the previous corporate report, and created a page that enables the reader to understand Shimizu’s value cre- ation story at a glance. However, we again keenly feel the fact that elements were still lacking in this report, as Mr. Takegahara indicated. In the next report, we will make sure that we clarify the relationships among the new environmental vision, the digital strategy, and the intangible assets that are the foundation of our business, which we did not succeed in expressing in this report. We will clearly specify the position of these elements in Shimizu’s value creation story and make it easy to understand our vision of the sustainable future society that Shimizu aims for.
We will also specify materialities relating to the environment, society, and the economy in addition to Shimizu itself, in light of the pandemic, carbon neutrality, digital transformation (DX), and other changing social conditions. This will also contribute to enhancing corporate value and achieving the sustainable develop- ment goals (SDGs).
Independent Opinion
   SC Machinery rents a wide array of machinery, including tower cranes, crawler cranes, and other large construction machinery, as well as lighting, power distribution equipment, and other general-purpose equipment. The company provides comprehensive services from the construction planning stage to plan and propose machinery, and pro- vides installation and operation, and machinery maintenance and management services. Recently, the company has been working on development of construction robots with Shimizu, and is preparing to build an operating structure for job sites that use construction robots that will lead to future business. We have already progressed to operation of automated conveyor robots to carry materials and other robots at job sites and are working on initia- tives aimed at automation and energy savings.
SHIMIZU BLC Co., Ltd.
Providing Support over the Lifecycle of Customers’ Buildings
SHIMIZU BLC is a specialty company that provides one-stop solutions for building management and renovation. The company meets the expectations of customers by providing all services needed over a building’s lifecycle to maximize asset value. It also provides a wide variety of services ranging from facility management (FM), property management (PM), and consulting on energy-saving measures, to diagnosing deterioration, diagnosing earth- quake resistance, design, construction (new construction and renovation), and engineering reports. SHIMIZU BLC contributes to enhancing the value of customers’ buildings to enable customers to adapt to a rapidly changing social environment and meet various requirements.
Shimizu Comprehensive Development Corporation
Providing High-grade Spaces with an Integrated System, from Development to Management
Shimizu Comprehensive Development is a general real estate company that takes advantage of the strengths of being a member of the Shimizu Group in operating a variety of businesses in the real estate market. The company meets the diverse needs of the real estate market by developing, managing, and operating condominiums under the company’s VIEQU brand, developing and operating VPO rental offices and VPR rental apartments, and provid- ing PBOS one-stop solutions in property and building management. These are the main cornerstones of the ser- vices Shimizu Comprehensive Development combines in contract operation of a wide range of building assets from offices to logistics facilities. Shimizu Comprehensive Development also provides real estate consulting and broker- age services, as well as tenant leasing services by the company itself.
MILX CORPORATION
Demonstrating Expertise in Supporting Construction under All Sort of Job Site Scenarios
MILX CORPORATION provides a wide range of services focused on supporting construction job sites such as sales and leasing of construction equipment and materials, interior finishing work, and rebar work. It also operates an insurance agency business, an office equipment leasing business, a security business, and a travel agency busi- ness, among other businesses. In May 2021, MILX CORPORATION concluded a domestic sales agency agreement with the U.S. Silicon Valley start-up, OpenSpace, for OpenSpace site management software using 360 degree site imaging as part of a new business. The company is also putting effort into environmental businesses such as the installation of solar panels on the roof of the Hiroshima Kizai Center and selling electricity to The Chugoku Electric Power Co., Inc. from March 2014. MILX CORPORATION also intends to team up with the Shimizu’s LCV Headquar- ters and contribute to Shimizu Group CO2 net zero business initiatives.
A tower crane, the main work horse
Proposed a New Style Office suitable for new normal workstyles
    シミズ・ビルライフケアでは、ニューノーマルな働き方に相応しい
オフィスづくりを自社で実践し、皆様に提案します。
“いつでも どこでも 誰とでも”をコンセプトに、 これまでの働くルールや環境(家具・ICT)を整備し、 「柔軟に変化に対応できる働き方とオフィスづくり」を目指しています。
VIEQU Court Yoyogi Sangubashi (Shibuya-ku, Tokyo)
[これまでの働き方] 決められた時間と席
ニューノーマルな働き方
 業務内容にあわせて
いつでも どこでも 誰とでも
多様なワークスタイルに対応
決められた時間と席で勤務するといった 従来の働き方ではなく、業務内容に合わ せて働く場所と時間を選ぶことで仕事の 効率と質を向上させ、多様なワークスタイル に対応できる「新しいオフィスの在り方」を
 提供します。
  76 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 77
Head Office equipment and materials center (Funabashi City, Chiba Prefecture)
      New Style Office
ABOUT SHIMIZU ESG MANAGEMENT AT SHIMIZU MESSAGE FROM THE OFFICER SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

 Global Network (as of July 1, 2021)
 Domestic
Main Branches
Hokkaido (Sapporo City) Tohoku (Sendai City) Hokuriku (Kanazawa City) Kanto (Saitama City)
Tokyo (Chuo-ku, Tokyo) Yokohama (Yokohama City) Chiba (Chiba City)
13
Nagoya (Nagoya City)
Kansai (Osaka City)
Shikoku (Takamatsu City)
Hiroshima (Hiroshima City)
Kyushu (Fukuoka City)
Tokyo Civil Engineering (Chuo-ku, Tokyo)
   Main Branches
Offices
cities
71
cities
Head Office: Tokyo
   78
Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
Overseas
 London
Wroclaw Prague
Istanbul
Lusaka
Tashkent Gurgaon
Dubai
Bangalore
Dalian
Shanghai Guangzhou
Taipei Hong Kong
Manila Ho Chi Minh City
New York Atlanta
Dhaka Hanoi Yangon
Queretaro
26
Bangkok Kuala Lumpur
Singapore Jakarta
Tokyo
The Shimizu group has established regular offices in
cities
Corporate Information/Investor Information (as of March 31, 2021)
Corporate Information
 Corporate Name
 Date of Establishment
 Capital
 Total Employees (consolidated)
 Main Business
 Net Sales (consolidated)
   SHIMIZU CORPORATION 1804
¥74,365 million 16,586
Construction, civil engineering, and other contracted projects, including machine installation; research, planning, geological surveys, land surveys, design, and administration of construction projects; sales, purchases, leasing, brokering, management, and appraisal of real estate properties; building, selling, leasing, and managing residential buildings and other properties; development and sales of vacant land
      Investor Information
¥1,456.4 billion (FY2020)
1,500,000,000
788,514,613
Tokyo Stock Exchange Part 1 1803 Nagoya Stock Exchange Part 1 1803
63,068
Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking Corporation
 Total Number of Shares Authorized
 Total Number of Shares Issued
 Exchanges Listed on
 Number of Shareholders
 Transfer Agent
        Major Shareholders (Top 10 Companies)
Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account)
SHIMIZU & Co., Ltd.
Social Welfare Corporation Shimizu Foundation
Custody Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account)
Housing Research Foundation JUSOKEN
Shimizu Employee's Stock Ownership Plan
Custody Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account 7)
Custody Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account 4)
Mizuho Bank, Ltd.
The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Ltd.
Note : “Percentage of total” is calculated excluding 24,322,192 shares of treasury stock.
Shareholders Ratio (Percentage of owned shares)
Financial institutions
Securities firms
Other corporations
Foreign corporations and others Individuals and others
Shares held in own name
69,854 9.14
63,431 8.30
38,595 5.05
35,755 4.68
17,420 2.28
16,773 2.19
13,185 1.73
12,425 1.63
10,697 1.40
10,564 1.38
 Shareholder
  Shares Held (thousands)
  Percentage of Total (%)
            32.81% 1.42% 22.61% 22.07% 18.01% 3.08%
        Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 79
      ABOUT SHIMIZU ESG MANAGEMENT AT SHIMIZU MESSAGE FROM THE OFFICER SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTION

80 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
        Financial Section
82 Consolidated Balance Sheet
84 Consolidated Statement of Income
85 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
86 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Net Assets
87 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
88 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
117 Independent Auditor’s Report
Supplemental Information
122 Nonconsolidated Balance Sheet
124 Nonconsolidated Statement of Income
125 Orders, Sales and Backlog (Nonconsolidated)
126 Ten-Year Highlights (Consolidated)
                Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 81

Consolidated Balance Sheet
Shimizu Corporation and its subsidiaries As at March 31, 2021
ASSETS Current Assets:
Cash (Notes 5.4), 5.5), 9 and 10.2))
Notes and accounts receivable–trade (Note 5.4) and 10.2)) Marketable securities (Notes 9, 10.2) and 11)
Real estate for sale (Note 4.2))
Costs on uncompleted construction contracts (Notes 4.2))
Costs on uncompleted real estate development projects (Note 4.2)) PFI projects and other inventories (Notes 4.2), 5.1) and 5.4))
Other current assets (Notes 5.4) and 5.5))
Less: Allowance for doubtful accounts (Notes 4.4))
Total current assets
Non-Current Assets:
Tangible fixed assets:
Buildings and structures (Note 5.4) and 5.5))
Machinery, vehicles, tools, furniture and fixtures (Notes 5.4) and 5.5) Land (Note 5.3) and 5.4))
Construction in progress (Note 5.4))
Less: Accumulated depreciation
Total tangible fixed assets
Intangible fixed assets (Notes 5.4) and 5.5))
Investments and other assets:
Investment securities (Notes 5.2), 5.4), 10.2) and 11) Deferred tax assets (Note 14)
Other investments (Note 5.4) and 5.5))
Less: Allowance for doubtful accounts (Notes 4.4))
Total investments and other assets
Total non-current assets
Total assets
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
¥351,722 546,148 1,020 2,836 77,949 16,472 47,883 102,651
(775)
1,145,908
256,177 73,105 207,472 31,645
(159,960)
408,440
12,091
319,598 2,730 18,121
(1,957)
338,493
759,025
¥1,904,934
Millions of Yen
¥214,321 484,445 62,000 3,158 69,538 17,143 52,086 112,062
(1,157)
1,013,598
295,399 81,508 250,111 44,936
(170,056)
501,899
19,140
355,679 2,471 17,821
(1,936)
374,035
895,076
¥1,908,674
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 2)
$1,937,284 4,378,967 560,426 28,546 628,570 154,966 470,814 1,012,947
(10,466)
9,162,056
2,670,161 736,765 2,260,791 406,184
(1,537,161)
4,536,741
173,014
3,215,040 22,337 161,088
(17,503)
3,380,962
8,090,717
$17,252,774
 2020
2021
2021
         82 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
 Financial Section
 2020
2021
2021
LIABILITIES Current Liabilities:
Notes and accounts payable–trade (Note 10.2))
Short-term borrowings (Notes 10.2) and 20)
Current portion of non-recourse borrowings (Notes 5.4), 10.2) and 20) Commercial papers (Note 10.2) and 20)
Current portion of bonds payable (Notes 10.2) and 19)
Current portion of convertible bond-type bonds with subscription
rights to shares (Notes 10.2), 18.1) and 19)
Current portion of non-recourse bonds payable (Notes 5.5), 10.2) and 19) Advances received on uncompleted construction contracts
Deposits received
Warranty reserve (Notes 4.5))
Reserve for expected losses on construction contracts in
process (Notes 4.6))
Reserve for directors' bonuses (Notes 4.7)) Reserve for loss on anti-monopoly act (Note 4.8)) Other current liabilities
Total current liabilities
Non-Current Liabilities:
Bonds payable (Notes 10.2) and 19)
Non-recourse bonds payable (Notes 5.5), 10.2) and 19) Long-term borrowings (Notes 5.4), 10.2) and 20)
Non-recourse borrowings (Notes 5.4), 10.2) and 20)
Deferred tax liabilities (Note 14)
Deferred tax liabilities for revaluation reserve for land (Note 5.3)) Net defined benefit liability (Note 13)
Other non-current liabilities
Total non-current liabilities
Total liabilities
NET ASSETS Shareholders’ Equity:
Common stock, no par value
Authorized: 1,500,000 thousand shares
Issued: 788,514 thousand shares as at March 31, 2020 and 2021
Additional paid-in capital
Retained earnings
Less: Treasury stock, at cost 25,661 thousand shares as at March 31, 2021 Less: Treasury stock, at cost 25,658 thousand shares as at March 31, 2020
Total shareholders’ equity
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income:
Net unrealized gain (loss) on other securities, net of taxes (Note 11) Deferred gain (loss) on hedging, net of taxes (Note 12)
Revaluation reserve for land, net of taxes (Note 5.3))
Foreign currency translation adjustments
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
Total accumulated other comprehensive income
Non-controlling Interests
Total net assets
Total liabilities and net assets
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
¥319,164 112,774 6,957 80,000 10,000
30,016 2,764 101,390 124,325 3,932
6,071 289 1,820 72,046
871,553
60,000 23,235 70,360 45,207
94 17,659 57,293 23,119
296,968
1,168,521
74,365
43,116 510,873 −
(21,613)
606,741
104,898 (169)
25,864 (1,985) (4,870)
123,737
5,932
736,412
¥1,904,934
Millions of Yen
¥280,980 143,705 7,851 − 10,000
− 1,265 99,340 107,944 3,305
14,441 − − 46,074
714,908
100,000 21,969 71,323 66,573 17,625 17,644 53,029 24,152
372,319
1,087,227
74,365
43,116 563,628
(21,615) −
659,494
133,863 236 25,831
(3,556) (581)
155,794
6,157
821,446
¥1,908,674
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 2)
$2,539,820 1,298,969 70,970 − 90,391
− 11,436 897,956 975,721 29,878
130,542 − − 416,471
6,462,158
903,913 198,588 644,707 601,764 159,316 159,494 479,337 218,321
3,365,445
9,827,603
672,198
389,736 5,094,715
(195,389) −
5,961,261
1,210,013 2,139 233,497
(32,148) (5,255)
1,408,246
55,662
7,425,170
$17,252,774
            Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 83
 
Consolidated Statement of Income
Shimizu Corporation and its subsidiaries For the year ended March 31, 2021
Net Sales:
Construction contracts (Notes 4.11), 4.17), 4.19), 4.20) and 6.1)) Real estate development and other
Cost of Sales:
Construction contracts (Notes 4.11), 4.17), 4.19), 4.20) and 6.2)) Real estate development and other (Note 6.3))
Gross profit:
Construction contracts
Real estate development and other
Selling, General and Administrative Expenses (Note 6.4))
Operating income
Non-Operating Income (Expenses):
Interest and dividend income Interest expenses
Foreign exchange gain (loss) Other, net
Ordinary income Special Gains (Losses):
Gain on sales of fixed assets (Note 6.6)) Reversal of reserve for loss on anti-monopoly act Loss on sales of fixed assets (Note 6.7))
Loss on devaluation of investment securities Impairment loss on fixed assets
Loss related to infectious diseases (Note 6.8)) Loss on land remediation (Notes 6.9))
Income before income taxes Provision for Income Taxes (Note 14):
Current
Deferred (6,700)
Millions of Yen
¥1,301,363 155,109
1,456,473
1,138,887 127,168
1,266,055
162,476 27,941
190,417 90,265
100,151
5,696 (3,033) 2,633
16
105,465
15,489 616
(161) (3,333)
−
(4,202) (3,030)
110,843
30,235 3,280
33,515
77,327 151
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 2)
$11,763,204 1,402,058
13,165,263
10,294,560 1,149,493
11,444,054
1,468,643 252,565
1,721,209 815,921
905,287
51,495 (27,421) 23,807
146
953,315
140,009 5,574
(1,456) (30,129)
−
(37,987) (27,396)
1,001,929
273,305 29,649
302,955
698,974 1,366
 2020
2021
2021
¥1,517,883 180,409
1,698,292
1,319,118 153,504
1,472,622
198,765 26,904
225,670 91,775
133,894
7,518 (2,244) (1,713)
531
137,986
7,581 −
(508)
(794) (2,915)
− −
141,349
         48,931
  Net Income
Net Income attributable to non-controlling interests
Net Income attributable to shareholders of the Corporation
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
42,230
99,119 141
 ¥98,977
¥77,176
$697,607
 84 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
Shimizu Corporation and its subsidiaries For the year ended March 31, 2021
Net Income
Other Comprehensive Income:
Net unrealized gain (loss) on other securities, net of taxes Deferred gain (loss) on hedging, net of taxes
Foreign currency translation adjustments Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
Share of other comprehensive income of associates accounted for using equity method
Total other comprehensive income (Notes 7)
Comprehensive Income
Comprehensive income attributable to: Shareholders of the Corporation Non-controlling interests
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
¥99,119
(45,185) (210)
4 (713)
185
(45,918)
¥53,200
¥52,974 226
Millions of Yen
¥77,327
28,921 405
(1,527) 4,247
(19)
32,027
¥109,354
¥109,265 89
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 2)
$698,974
261,421 3,665
(13,803) 38,395
(178)
289,500
$988,474
$987,665 809
Financial Section
 2020
2021
2021
        Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 85
 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Net Assets
Shimizu Corporation and its subsidiaries For the year ended March 31, 2021
Millions of Yen
    Shareholders’Equity
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
 Balance as at April 1, 2019
Cash dividends paid (¥41.00 per share)
Net income attributable to shareholders of
the Corporation for the year
Reversal of revaluation reserve forland,netoftaxes
Purchase and disposal of treasury stock, at cost
Changes other than shareholders’ equity
Balance as at April 1, 2020
Cash dividends paid (¥32.00 per share)
Net income attributable to shareholders of
the Corporation for the year
Reversal of revaluation reserve for land, net of taxes
Purchase and disposal of treasury stock, at cost
Changes other than shareholders’ equity
Balance as at March 31, 2021
Common stock
¥74,365
Additional paid-in capital
¥43,116
Retained earnings
¥443,802
Treasury stock
¥(1,609)
Net unrealized gain (loss) on other securities, net of taxes
¥150,079
Deferred gain (loss) on hedging, net of taxes
¥(54)
Revaluation reserve for land, net of taxes
¥25,864
Foreign currency translation adjustments
¥(1,955)
Remeasure- ments of defined benefit plans
¥(4,193)
Non- controlling interests
¥5,826
Total net assets
¥735,242
– –(31,906) – – – – – – –(31,906)
– – 98,977 – – – – – – – 98,977 –––––––––––
– 0
– – ¥74,365 ¥43,116
– –
– –
– –
– 0
– –
¥74,365 ¥43,116
Additional Common paid-in stock capital
$672,198 $389,736
– (20,003) ––
––– –––
(20,003)
(45,181) ¥(21,613) ¥104,898
(114) ¥(169)
–
– – –
405
¥236
Deferred gain (loss) on hedging, net of taxes
– (29) (677)
106 (45,897) ¥5,932 ¥736,412
– (24,454)
– 77,176 – 32 – (2)
225 32,281
¥6,157 ¥821,446
 ¥510,873 (24,454)
77,176 32
– –
– – ––
¥25,864 –
– – –
(32)
¥25,831
Revaluation reserve for land, net of taxes
¥(1,985) ¥(4,870) – –
– – ––
– (2) – –
¥563,628 ¥(21,615)
Retained Treasury earnings stock
$4,617,857 $(195,367)
– 28,965
¥133,863
Net unrealized gain (loss) on other securities, net of taxes
– (1,571)
¥(3,556)
Foreign currency translation adjustments
– 4,289
¥(581)
  Thousands of U.S. Dollars(Note 2)
    Shareholders’Equity
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
 Balance as at April 1, 2020
Cash dividends paid ($0.29 per share)
Net income attributable to shareholders of
the Corporation for the year
Reversal of revaluation reserve forland,netoftaxes
Purchase and disposal of treasury stock, at cost
$948,190 $(1,528)
$233,793 $(17,944)
Remeasure- ments of defined benefit plans
$(44,026)
Non-
controlling Total net
interests assets
$53,627 $6,656,536
– –(221,045) – – – – – – –(221,045)
– – 697,607 – – – – – – – 697,607 ––295–––––––295 –0–(21)––––––(21)
Changes other than
shareholders’ equity – – – – 261,822 3,667 (295) (14,204) 38,771 2,035 291,797
Balance as at March 31, 2021 $672,198 $389,736 $5,094,715 $(195,389) $1,210,013 $2,139 $233,497 $(32,148) $(5,255) $55,662 $7,425,170
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
The Corporation Law of Japan provides that an amount equal to 10% of the amount to be disbursed as distribution of capital surplus (other than the capital reserve) and retained earnings (other than the legal reserve) be transferred to the capital reserve and legal reserve, respectively, until the sum of the capital reserve and the legal reserve equals 25% of the capital stock account. Such distributions can be made at any time by resolution of the shareholders, or by the Board of Directors if certain conditions are met.
  86 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
Shimizu Corporation and its subsidiaries For the year ended March 31, 2021
Cash Flows from Operating Activities:
Income before income taxes Adjustments for:
Depreciation and amortization
Impairment loss on fixed assets
Increase (decrease) in allowance for doubtful accounts
Increase (decrease) in reserve for expected losses on construction contracts in process Increase (decrease) in net defined benefit liability
Loss (gain) on sales of fixed assets
Loss (gain) on valuation of investment securities
Loss (gain) on sales of investment securities
Interest and dividend income
Interest expenses
(Increase) decrease in notes and accounts receivable—trade
(Increase) decrease in real estate for sale
(Increase) decrease in costs on uncompleted construction contracts (Increase) decrease in uncompleted real estate development projects (Increase) decrease in PFI projects and other inventories
Increase (decrease) in notes and accounts payable—trade
Increase (decrease) in advances received on uncompleted construction contracts Other, net
Subtotal
Interest and dividends received Interest paid
Income taxes paid
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities
Cash Flows from Investing Activities:
Acquisition of tangible fixed assets
Proceeds from sales of tangible fixed assets
Acquisition of marketable securities and investment securities Proceeds from sales of marketable securities and investment securities Other, net
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
Cash Flows from Financing Activities:
Net increase (decrease) in short-term borrowings Net increase (decrease) in commercial papers Proceeds from long-term borrowings Repayments of long-term borrowings
Proceeds from non-recourse borrowings Repayments of non-recourse borrowings Proceeds from issuance of bonds Redemption of bonds
Proceeds from issuance of non-recourse bonds
Redemption of non-recourse bonds
Redemption of convertible bond-type bonds with subscription rights to shares Purchase of treasury stock
Dividends
Other, net
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
Effect of exchange rate changes on Cash and Cash Equivalents
Net increase (decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents Cash and Cash Equivalents at beginning of year
Cash and Cash Equivalents at end of year (Notes 9)
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
¥141,349
13,633 2,915
(313) (2,102)
592 (62)
794 (7,010) (7,518)
2,244 94,665 22,306
1,067 4,105 5,867
(35,504) (43,983) 26,135
219,182 8,168
(2,170) (54,623)
170,557
(123,904) 144
(6,173) 17,301
(3,114)
(115,745)
(9,116) 80,000 39,450
(18,793) 15,963
(8,392) 30,000
(20,000) 26,000 (14,060)
– (20,003) (31,906) (408)
68,732 (799)
122,744 229,978
Millions of Yen
¥110,843
16,710 – 362 8,362 1,503
(208) 3,333
(15,119) (5,696)
3,033 61,740 15,486
8,402 (671) (4,194) (37,494) (1,824) (42,269)
122,298 6,206
(2,863) (44,966)
80,674
(122,892) 305
(3,295) 20,083
(8,154)
(113,954)
31,919 (80,000) 18,640 (18,538) 30,198
(7,445) 50,000
(10,000) –
(2,764) (30,000) (2) (24,454) (264)
(42,710) (409)
(76,400) 352,722
¥276,321
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 2)
$1,001,929
151,044 – 3,272 75,588 13,593
(1,885) 30,129
(136,667) (51,495)
27,421 558,083 139,989
75,949 (6,069) (37,914) (338,920) (16,492) (382,083)
1,105,473 56,101
(25,887) (406,459)
729,229
(1,110,845) 2,758
(29,786) 181,535
(73,713)
(1,030,051)
288,529 (723,131) 168,489 (167,573) 272,972
(67,296) 451,956
(90,391) –
(24,992) (271,174) (22) (221,045) (2,392)
(386,069) (3,705)
(690,596) 3,188,307
$2,497,711
Financial Section
 2020
2021
2021
        ¥352,722
 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 87
 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Shimizu Corporation and its subsidiaries
1. Basis of Presentation of Consolidated Financial Statements
The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared based on the accounts maintained by Shimizu Corporation (the “Corporation”) and its subsidiaries (collectively the “Group”) prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in Japan, which are differ- ent in certain respects as to the application and disclosure requirements of International Financial Reporting Standards, and are compiled from the consolidated financial statements prepared by the Corporation as required by the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan.
2. U.S. Dollar Amounts
The accounts of consolidated financial statements presented herein are expressed in Japanese yen by rounding down to the nearest million. The U.S. dollar amounts shown in the accompanying con- solidated financial statements and notes thereto have been translated from the original Japanese yen into U.S. dollars on the basis of ¥110.63 to U.S.$1, the rate of exchange prevailing at March 31, 2021, and have been then rounded down to the nearest thousand. These U.S. dollar amounts are not intended to imply that the Japanese yen amounts have been or could be converted, realized or settled in U.S. dollars at this or any other rate.
3. Principles of Consolidation
1) Scope of Consolidation
The Corporation had 74 subsidiaries as at March 31, 2021. The consolidated financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2021 include the accounts of the Corporation and all subsidiaries.
The Corporation had 17 affiliates as at March 31, 2021. As at March 31, 2021, the equity method was applied to all affiliates.
2) Financial Statements of Subsidiaries
The financial year-end for 22 subsidiaries is December 31, the financial year-end for one subsidiary is February 28 and the financial year-end for one subsidiary is March 26.
Consolidation of these subsidiaries is therefore performed by using their financial statements as at December 31, February 28 and March 26, respectively, and certain adjustments are made to reflect any significant transactions during the period from year-end balance sheet dates for these subsidiaries to March 31.
3) Amortization of Goodwill
Goodwill is principally amortized on a straight-line basis from the year of acquisition over its esti- mated useful life but not exceeding 20 years.
4) Elimination of Unrealized Intercompany Profits
All significant unrealized intercompany profits included in assets such as “Costs on uncompleted construction contracts” among the Group has been eliminated on consolidation and the portion thereof attributable to non-controlling interests is reported as “Non-controlling Interests.”
In connection with the elimination of unrealized intercompany profits, the depreciation expense is also adjusted to eliminate any profit from the cost of assets purchased through intercompany transactions.
4. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
1) Valuation of Securities
The Group classifies securities into two different categories, held-to-maturity debt securities and other securities. The Group holds no trading securities. Held-to-maturity debt securities are valued at amortized cost. Other securities with market quotations are valued at the prevailing market price as at the balance sheet date. Other securities without market quotations are stated at cost, cost being determined by the moving average method. Net unrealized gains on other securities with market quotations are reported net of taxes as a separated component of “Net Assets” and the cost of sales is determined by the moving average method.
    88 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
 2) Valuation of Inventories
Real estate for sale: At cost on an individual basis (The carrying value of inventories on the balance sheet is presented at book value after write-down for decline in earnings.)
Costs on uncompleted construction contracts: At cost on an individual basis
Costs on uncompleted real estate development projects: At cost on an individual basis (The carrying value of inventories on the balance sheet is presented at book value after write-down for decline in earnings.)
PFI projects and other inventories: At cost on an individual basis or at cost, cost being deter- mined by the moving average method (The carrying value of inventories on the balance sheet is presented at book value after write-down for decline in earnings.)
3) Depreciation Method of Tangible Fixed Assets
Depreciation of buildings and structures is principally computed by the straight-line method. De- preciation of other tangible fixed assets is principally computed by the declining balance method.
4) Allowance for Doubtful Accounts
For receivables classified as “normal,” the allowance for doubtful accounts is provided based on a historical default ratio. For receivables classified as “doubtful” or “bankrupt,” the allowance for doubtful accounts is provided based on individual assessment on the probability of collection.
5) Warranty Reserve
An allowance to cover the costs of repairs for damages related to completed construction work for which the Group is responsible is provided based on previous warranty experience.
6) Reserve for Expected Losses on Construction Contracts in Process
An allowance is provided for estimated future losses related to the construction contracts in process.
7) Reserve for Directors’ Bonuses
An allowance is provided for bonus payment to directors based on payment estimates.
8) Reserve for Loss on Anti-Monopoly Act
An allowance is provided for an estimated amount of payment of penalties under the Anti-monopoly Act.
9) Accounting Method for Retirement Benefits
Net defined benefit liability has been recorded mainly at the amount calculated based on the pro- jected benefit obligation and the fair value of the plan assets as at the balance sheet date.
Method of attributing the projected benefit obligations to periods of service: Benefit formula basis Method used for amortization of actuarial gain or loss: Straight-line method (10 years - amortized from the following financial year)
Method used for amortization of prior service cost: Straight-line method (10 years)
Adoption of simplified methods in the Group: Some consolidated subsidiaries apply a simplified method to compute their net defined benefit liability and retirement benefit expenses.
10) Accounting for Hedging
Hedging instruments are valued at fair value and accounted by using the deferral method of ac- counting. With regard to some interest rate swaps which meet certain requirements, the Group uses the special treatment, based on the short-cut method, assuming that there is no ineffective- ness in the hedging relationship between hedged items and hedging instruments.
Hedging instruments: Derivative transactions (interest rate swaps and foreign exchange contracts) Hedged items: Assets and liabilities which are exposed to interest and foreign exchange market
fluctuation risks
Hedging policy: Derivative transactions are used solely for hedging the risks associated with exist-
ing or future assets and liabilities.
Derivative transactions are never entered into for the purpose of trading or speculation.
11) Recognizing Revenues and Costs of Construction Contracts
Revenues and costs of construction contracts, of which the percentage of completion can be reliably estimated, are recognized by the percentage-of-completion method. The percentage of completion is calculated based on the cost incurred to date as a percentage of the estimated total cost. The completed-contract method is applied to all other construction contracts.
Financial Section
Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 89
 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
90 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
12) Consumption Taxes
Consumption taxes payable or receivable are excluded from each account in the consolidated statements of income.
13) Accounting Treatment of Construction Project Joint Ventures
With regard to the Joint Venture’s assets, liabilities, revenues, and costs, amounts are recognized in proportion to one’s share.
14) Foreign Currency Translation
The balance sheet of overseas subsidiaries is translated into Japanese yen at the exchange rates prevailing at the balance sheet date except for shareholders’ equity which is translated at historical rates. The revenues and expenses of overseas subsidiaries are translated into Japanese yen at the exchange rates prevailing at the balance sheet date.
Differences arising from such translations are shown as “Foreign currency translation adjustments” and are included in “Net Assets.”
15) Cash Flows
Cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated statement of cash flows consist of cash on hand, bank deposits payable on demand, time deposits, negotiable certificate of deposits, etc., which are readily convertible into cash and subject to minor risks of fluctuations in value.
16) Income Taxes
Income taxes of the Corporation and its domestic subsidiaries consist of corporate income taxes, local inhabitants’ taxes and enterprise taxes.
The Corporation and its domestic subsidiaries account for deferred taxes in accordance with the regulations for preparation of consolidated financial statements in Japan. Deferred income taxes are determined using the asset and liability approach, whereby deferred tax assets and li- abilities are recognized in respect of temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and those as reported in the financial statements.
In addition, the consolidated overseas subsidiaries provide for deferred income taxes relating to temporary differences between reporting for tax and accounting purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the relevant countries.
17) Significant Accounting Estimates
Revenue recognized using the percentage-of-completion method
(1) Amount Recognized in the financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2021
¥1,144,034 Million ($10,341,091 Thousand)
(2) Guidance of Recognized Significant Accounting Estimate
Revenues and costs of construction contracts, of which the percentage of completion can be reliably estimated, are recognized by the percentage-of-completion method. The percentage of completion is calculated based on the cost incurred to date as a percentage of the estimated total cost. The completed-contract method is applied to all other construction contracts.
Although total construction revenue, total construction costs, and percentage of progress as at the balance sheet date is reasonably estimated when using the percentage-of-completion method, operating results of the following fiscal year could be affected due to the uncertainty of the estimate for total construction costs in cases such as when construction material prices, labor costs, etc. increase significantly higher than what expected at the time of concluding the construction contract.
18) Accounting Standards issued but not yet effective
(1) Summary
On March 31, 2020, the Accounting Standards Board of Japan (ASBJ) revised “Accounting Stan- dard for Revenue Recognition” (ASBJ Statement No.29) .On March 26, 2021, the Accounting Stan- dards Board of Japan (ASBJ) revised “Implementation Guidance on Accounting Standard for Rev- enue Recognition” (ASBJ Guidance No.30). The accounting standard provides a comprehensive framework for recognizing revenue from contracts with customers.
 (2) Scheduled effective date
The Corporation and consolidated subsidiaries expect to apply the accounting standard from the fiscal year beginning on April 1, 2021.
(3) The effects of applying accounting standard
At present, the Corporation and consolidated subsidiaries are in the process of measuring the ef- fects of applying the accounting standard.
19) Change in Presentation
(Application of “Accounting Standard for Disclosure of Accounting Estimates”)
The Group has applied the “Accounting Standard for Disclosure of Accounting Estimates” (ASBJ Statement No. 31, March 31, 2020) effective from the beginning of the year ended March 31,
2021, and notes to Significant Accounting Estimates are provided.
However, in accordance with the proviso of the “Accounting Standard for Disclosure of Account-
ing Estimates” paragraph 11, notes for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020 are not provided.
20) Additional Information
(1) Effect of COVID-19
Although it remains difficult to predict when the outbreak of COVID-19 will be contained, ac- counting estimates (the percentage-of-completion method, the impairment loss on fixed assets, etc.) have been made on the assumption that the Group will proceed with its construction work in order to secure employment and maintain economic activity in the construction industry.
However, in the future, if the business environment changes significantly due to various fac- tors such as the state of COVID-19 and trends in capital investments both inside and outside of Japan, the consolidated financial position, financial performance and cash flows of the Group for the following fiscal year may be affected.
(2) Disclosure of significant accounting policies for application of “Accounting Standard for Ac- counting policy Disclosures, Accounting Changes and Error Corrections.”
Upon the adoption of “Accounting Standard for Accounting policy Disclosures, Accounting Changes and Error Corrections” (ASBJ Statement No. 24, March 31, 2020), accounting principles and procedures applied to accounting of construction project joint ventures are noted under 4. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 13), since the provisions of the relevant accounting standards, etc. do not provide specific guidance.
Financial Section
 5. Notes to Consolidated Balance Sheet
1) Breakdown of PFI projects and other inventories
As at March 31
Merchandise
Materials and supplies
PFI and other projects
2) Investments in affiliates included in Investment securities
As at March 31
Millions of Yen
2020 2021
¥653 ¥800
639 771
46,590 50,514
Millions of Yen
2020 2021
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2021 $7,232 6,970 456,611
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2021 $294,894
                Investments in affiliates ¥31,722 ¥32,624
  Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 91
 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
3) Revaluation Reserve for Land
According to the Land Revaluation Law enacted on March 31, 1998, land used for business and owned by the Corporation was revalued on March 31, 2002 and an unrealized gain from the re- valuation of land was reported as “Revaluation reserve for land, net of taxes” as a separate com- ponent of “Net Assets” and the relevant deferred tax liabilities were reported as “Deferred tax liabilities for revaluation reserve for land” as a separate component of “Non-Current Liabilities.”
Such revaluation was allowed only at one specific time under the Law and cannot be under- taken at each financial year-end.
According to the enforcement ordinance of the Law, there are several methods allowed to de- termine the revalued amount of land. The Corporation adopted a method of using the assessed value for property taxes with appropriate adjustments.
4) Assets Pledged as Collateral
The following assets are pledged as collateral for Long-term borrowings.
   As at March 31
Assets pledged as collateral: Construction in progress
Secured Liabilities: Long-term borrowings
Millions of Yen
2020 2021
¥470 ¥1,123 ¥1,600 ¥1,600
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2021 $10,158 $14,462
    The following assets are pledged as collateral for borrowings at affiliated companies and others.
   As at March 31
Buildings and structures Land
Investment securities Other investments
Millions of Yen
2020 2021
¥57 ¥55 43 43 140 15 52 8
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2021 $505 391 135 80 $1,113
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2021 $24,949 18,609 482,097 15,836 396,978 2,942 149,518 83 3 266 $1,091,285
     Total ¥293
The following assets are pledged as collateral for non-recourse borrowings
¥123
     As at March 31 2020
Cash ¥2,984
Notes and accounts receivable-trade PFI projects and other inventories Other current assets
Buildings and structures
Millions of Yen
2021
¥2,760 2,058 53,334 1,751 43,917 325 16,541 9 0 29
¥120,728
   1,843 44,758 204 10,160 0 Land 6,094
Machinery, vehicles, tools, furniture and fixtures
Construction in progress Intangible fixed assets Other investments
– 0 576
  Total ¥66,624
  92 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
 5) Assets corresponding to non-recourse bonds payable
As at March 31 2020
Cash ¥1,747 Other current assets 1,716 Buildings and structures 23,842 Machinery, vehicles, tools, furniture and fixtures 276 Intangible fixed assets 23 Other investments 596
Total ¥28,203
6) Contingent liabilities from guaranteeing indebtedness of others
Millions of Yen
2021
¥2,358 122 22,770 204 19 596
¥26,073
Millions of Yen
2021
¥2,323 17
¥2,340
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2021 $21,317 1,111 205,825 1,851 180 5,394 $235,681
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2021 $20,999 156 $21,155
Financial Section
             As at March 31
PT. WINDAS DEVELOPMENT (Note) Employees (housing loans)
2020
¥1,721 32
     Total ¥1,753
Note: PT. WINDAS DEVELOPMENT is a company that the Corporation’s affiliated company invests in.
  Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 93
 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 6. Notes to Consolidated Statement of Income
1) Revenue recognized using the percentage-of-completion method were as follows:
Millions of Yen
For the year ended March 31 2020 2021
Revenue recognized using
the percentage-of-completion method ¥1,335,882 ¥1,144,034
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2021 $10,341,091
      2) Provision of reserve for expected losses on construction contracts in process included in cost of sales were as follows:
  For the year ended March 31
Provision of reserve for expected losses on construction contracts in process included in cost of sales
Millions of Yen
2020 2021
¥4,678 ¥12,907
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2021 $116,674
    3) Inventory write-down due to reduced profitability included in cost of sales were as follows:
Millions of Yen
For the year ended March 31 2020 2021
Inventory write-down due to reduced profitability
included in cost of sales ¥178 ¥40
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2021 $367
      4) The major components of “Selling, General and Administrative Expenses” were as follows:
  For the year ended March 31
Salaries and allowances to employees Retirement benefit expenses for employees Research and development costs
2020
¥28,522 1,583 10,296
Millions of Yen
2021
¥28,605 1,806 10,665
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2021 $258,569 16,330 96,410
     5) Research and development costs (included in construction costs and general and administrative expenses) were as follows:
  2020
¥13,222
2020
Investment securities
Land 25 Others 38
7) Loss on sales of fixed assets were as follows:
For the year ended March 31 2020
Investment securities ¥507 Others 1
Millions of Yen
2021
¥14,820
Millions of Yen
2021
¥15,273 185 30
Millions of Yen
2021
¥153
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2021 $133,961
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2021 $138,055 1,679 274
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
For the year ended March 31
Research and development costs
6) Gain on sales of fixed assets were as follows:
For the year ended March 31
        ¥7,517
    2021 $1,387 7 68
     94 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
 8) Loss related to infectious diseases
Loss mainly due to compensation paid to subcontract workers, who were temporarily laid off from April 2020 to May 2020, because the Corporation closed its job sites located in 13 prefec- tures put on special alert under the emergency declaration by the government, in order to pre- vent the infection of COVID-19.
9) Loss on land remediation
Loss due to removal of underground obstacles and disposal of soil, on land owned and used for business by the Corporation.
7. Notes to Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
Reclassification adjustments and tax effects related to other comprehensive income were as follows:
Financial Section
   For the year ended March 31
Net unrealized gain (loss) on other securities, net of taxes
Gains (losses) arising during the year Reclassification adjustments
Total before tax effect
Tax effect
Net unrealized gain (loss) on other securities, net of taxes
Deferred gain (loss) on hedging, net of taxes Gains (losses) arising during the year Reclassification adjustments
Total before tax effect Tax effect
Deferred gain (loss) on hedging, net of taxes
Foreign currency translation adjustments Gains (losses) arising during the year Reclassification adjustments
Foreign currency translation adjustments
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans, net of taxes Gains (losses) arising during the year Reclassification adjustments
Total before tax effect
Tax effect
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans, net of taxes
Share of other comprehensive income of associates accounted for using equity method
Gains (losses) arising during the year Reclassification adjustments
Share of other comprehensive income of associates accounted for using equity method
Total other comprehensive income
2020
¥(57,521) (5,916) (63,438)
18,252 (45,185)
¥(251) (50)
(302) 92
(210)
¥4
-
4
¥(1,995) 1,193
(802) 89
(713)
¥49 136
185
¥(45,918)
Millions of Yen
2021
¥53,334 (11,667)
41,667 (12,746) 28,921
¥323 260
583 (177) 405
¥(1,527) −
(1,527)
¥4,329 1,551 5,880
(1,633) 4,247
¥(44) 24
(19) ¥32,027
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2021
$482,099 (105,460)
376,639 (115,217) 261,421
$2,922 2,351 5,274
(1,608) 3,665
$(13,803) −
(13,803)
$39,131 14,026 53,157
(14,762) 38,395
$(404) 225
(178) $289,500
                                  Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 95
 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 8. Notes to Consolidated Statement of Changes in Net Assets
1) Type and number of outstanding shares
For the year ended March 31, 2020 Type of shares
Issued stock: Common stock
Treasury stock: Common stock
Number of shares (Thousands)
 Balance at beginning of year
788,514
3,964
Increase in shares during the year
– 21,694
Decrease in shares during the year
– 0
Balance at end of year
788,514 25,658
  Notes: 1. The increase in 21,694 thousand shares of treasury stock is due to the purchases of 21,690 thousand shares in accordance with the resolution of the Board of Directors made on June 24, 2019, to purchase the Corporation’s own shares, and the pur- chases of 3 thousand shares in quantities less than the minimum trading unit of shares.
2. The decrease in 0 thousand shares of treasury stock is due to the sale of shares in quantities less than the minimum trading unit of shares.
For the year ended March 31, 2021 Type of shares
Issued stock: Common stock
Treasury stock: Common stock
Number of shares (Thousands)
 Balance at beginning of year
788,514
25,658
Increase in shares during the year
– 2
Decrease in shares during the year
– 0
Balance at end of year
788,514 25,661
  Notes: 1. The increase in 2 thousand shares of treasury stock is due to the purchase of shares in quantities less than the minimum trading unit of shares.
2. The decrease in 0 thousand shares of treasury stock is due to the sale of shares in quantities less than the minimum trading unit of shares.
2) Dividends
(1) Dividends paid to shareholders
For the year ended March 31, 2020 Resolution approved by
Annual general meeting of shareholders
(June 27, 2019)
Board of directors (November 12, 2019)
Type of shares
Amount (Millions of Yen)
Amount per share (Yen)
(Note1) ¥23.00
(Note2) ¥18.00
Shareholders’ cut-off date
March 31, 2019
September 30, 2019
Effective date
June 28, 2019
December 2, 2019
 Notes: 1. Amount of dividend per share ¥23.00 includes a special dividend of ¥16.00. 2. Amount of dividend per share ¥18.00 includes a special dividend of ¥8.00.
For the year ended March 31, 2021 Resolution approved by
Annual general meeting of shareholders
(June 26, 2020)
Board of directors (November 9, 2020)
Type of shares
Amount (Millions of Yen)
Amount (Thousands of U.S. Dollars)
$138,153
$82,891
Amount per share (Yen)
(Note1) ¥20.00
(Note2) ¥12.00
Amount per share (U.S. Dollars)
$0.18 $0.11
Shareholders’ cut-off date
March 31, 2020
September 30, 2020
Effective date
June 29, 2020
December 2, 2020
Common
stock ¥18,075
Common
stock ¥13,831
     Common
stock ¥15,283
Common
stock ¥9,170
      96 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
Notes: 1. Amount of dividend per share ¥20.00 includes a special dividend of ¥10.00. 2. Amount of dividend per share ¥12.00 includes a special dividend of ¥2.00.
 (2) Dividends with a shareholders’ cut-off date during the current fiscal year but an effective date subsequent to the current fiscal year
For the year ended March 31, 2020 Resolution approved by
Annual general meeting of shareholders
(June 26, 2020)
Type of shares
Common stock
Paid from
Retained earnings
Amount (Millions of Yen)
¥15,283
Amount per share (Yen)
¥20.00
Shareholders’ cut-off date
March 31, 2020
Effective date
June 29, 2020
Effective date
June 30, 2021
Resolution approved by Annual general meeting
of shareholders (June 29, 2021)
Type of shares
Common stock
Paid from
Retained earnings
Amount (Millions of Yen)
¥13,755
Amount per share (Yen)
¥18.00
Amount per share (U.S. Dollars)
$0.16
Shareholders’ cut-off date
March 31, 2021
Financial Section
  Note: Amount of dividend per share ¥20.00 includes a special dividend For the year ended March 31, 2021
of ¥10.00
Amount (Thousands of U.S. Dollars)
$124,337
      Note: Amount of dividend per share ¥18.00 includes a special dividend of ¥8.00.
9. Notes to Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
 The reconciliation between cash and cash equivalents reported in the consolidated statement of cash flows and amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheet is as follows:
  As at March 31
Cash (as per consolidated balance sheet) Marketable securities
(Negotiable certificate of deposit)
Cash and cash equivalents
10. Financial Instruments
2020
¥351,722 1,000
¥352,722
Millions of Yen
2021
¥214,321 62,000
¥276,321
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2021 $1,937,284
560,426 $2,497,711
       1) Overview
(1) Policy for financial instruments
The Group raises operating funds primarily through bank borrowings and bond issues. Temporary fund surpluses are managed principally through short-term deposits with little risk. Under the Group’s policy, the Group uses derivatives only for the purpose of reducing risks by hedge, and not for speculative purposes.
(2) Types of financial instruments, risk and risk management
Regarding credit risk associated with customer’s operating receivables such as notes receivable and accounts receivable from construction contracts, the Group appropriately reduces such risk in response to the payment conditions and customer’s credit situation.
The Group holds investment securities primarily for the purpose of maintaining business relation- ships. Every year the Group reviews individual stocks while considering comprehensively costs and risks associated with stockholding and economic rationale, such as the benefit from a business perspective. Then, the Board of Directors verifies the adequacy of the stockholding.
Regarding volatility risk of foreign exchange rates and interest rates, the Group conducts market risk management in line with its risk management rules for volatility in financial markets.
The Group manages liquidity risk associated with raising funds by appropriately planning fund rais- ing based on a three-month cash flow projection prepared monthly and the fiscal year’s cash flow projection.
Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 97
 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(3) Supplementary explanation on fair value of financial instruments
The fair value of financial instruments is based on market value or reasonable estimate if there is no market value. Since certain assumptions are used for estimating values, values could be different if different assumptions are applied. In addition, the derivative contract amounts described in “De- rivatives” (Note 12) are not indicative of the actual market risk involved in derivative transactions.
2) Estimated fair value of financial instruments
The carrying value of the financial instruments on the consolidated balance sheet as at March 31, 2020 and 2021, and estimated fair value are shown below. The following table does not include financial instruments for which it is extremely difficult to determine the fair value.
 As at March 31, 2020
Assets
(1) Cash
(2) Notes and accounts receivable—trade (3) Marketable securities
(4) Investment securities
Liabilities
(5) Notes and accounts payable—trade
(6) Short-term borrowings
(7) Commercial papers
(8) Bonds payable and current portion of bonds payable
(9) Current portion of convertible bond-type bonds with subscription rights to shares
(10) Non-recourse bonds payable and current portion of non-recourse bonds payable
(11) Long-term borrowings
(12) Non-recourse borrowings and current portion of non-recourse borrowings
Derivative transactions(*) (13) Derivative transactions
Hedge accounting applied
Carrying value
¥351,722 546,148 1,020 264,468
319,164 112,774 80,000
70,000 30,016
26,000 70,360
52,164
(242)
Millions of Yen
Fair value Difference
¥351,722 ¥– 546,148 – 1,020 – 264,468 –
319,164 – 112,774 – 80,000 –
 69,756
29,814
(244) (202)
26,000 –
70,819 459 53,371 1,207
(242) –
   98 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
  As at March 31, 2021
Assets
(1) Cash
(2) Notes and accounts receivable—trade (3) Marketable securities
(4) Investment securities
Liabilities
(5) Notes and accounts payable—trade
(6) Short-term borrowings
(7) Commercial papers
(8) Bonds payable and current portion of bonds payable
(9) Current portion of convertible bond-type bonds with subscription rights to shares
(10) Non-recourse bonds payable and current portion of non-recourse bonds payable
(11) Long-term borrowings
(12) Non-recourse borrowings and current portion of non-recourse borrowings
Derivative transactions(*) (13) Derivative transactions
Hedge accounting applied
As at March 31, 2021
Assets
(1) Cash
(2) Notes and accounts receivable—trade (3) Marketable securities
(4) Investment securities
Liabilities
(5) Notes and accounts payable — trade
(6) Short-term borrowings
(7) Commercial papers
Carrying value
¥214,321 484,445 62,000 298,235
280,980 143,705 –
110,000
–
23,235 71,323
74,424
340
Carrying value
$1,937,284 4,378,967 560,426 2,695,788
2,539,820 1,298,969 –
Millions of Yen
Fair value Difference
¥214,321 ¥– 484,445 (0)
62,000 – 298,235 –
280,980 – 143,705 – – –
110,071 71
– –
23,235 – 71,611 287
75,327 902
340 –
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
Fair value Difference
$1,937,284 $– 4,378,967 (0)
560,426 – 2,695,788 –
2,539,820 – 1,298,969 – – –
994,951 646
– –
210,025 – 647,309 2,602
680,893 8,158
3,077 –
Financial Section
    (8) Bonds payable and current portion of bonds
payable 994,305
(9) Current portion of convertible bond-type bonds with subscription rights to shares
(10) Non-recourse bonds payable and current portion of non-recourse bonds payable
(11) Long-term borrowings
(12) Non-recourse borrowings and current portion of non-recourse borrowings
Derivative transactions(*) (13) Derivative transactions
Hedge accounting applied
–
210,025 644,707
672,735
3,077
 (*)Assets and liabilities that arise from derivative transactions are presented on a net basis. When the total amount becomes a net liability, the amount is indicated in parenthesis.
Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 99
 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes: 1. Method to determine the estimated fair value of financial instruments
(1) Cash, (3) Marketable securities, (5) Notes and accounts payable—trade, (6) Short-term borrowings, (7) Commercial papers The Corporation uses carrying value for these amounts because they will be settled in the short term, meaning that carrying value approximate fair value.
(2) Notes and accounts receivable—trade
By receivables with separate fixed terms, the fair value is calculated by applying a discount rate determined taking into account the term of collection and the credit risk.
(4) Investment securities
The fair value of stocks is determined based on the stock market price and the fair value of bonds is determined based on the stock market price or prices quoted by financial institutions. Among “Investment securities,” non-listed shares, etc. (¥57,444 million ($519,252 thousand) in the consolidated balance sheets as at March 31, 2021 (¥55,129 million as at March 31, 2020) ) are not included in the above because determining the fair value for them is extremely difficult.
(8) Bonds payable and current portion of bonds payable, (9) Current portion of convertible bond-type bonds with subscription rights to shares
The fair value of the bonds issued by the Corporation is based on the prevailing market price.
(10) Non-recourse bonds payable and current portion of non-recourse bonds payable
Carrying value is used as fair value as there is a variable interest rate and the value is reviewed on a short term basis to reflect the market interest rate, meaning that carrying value approximate fair value.
(11) Long-term borrowings, (12) Non-recourse borrowings and current portion of non-recourse borrowings
The fair value of long-term borrowings and non-recourse borrowings are estimated by applying a discount rate to be applied to the total of principal and interest if a similar new borrowings agreement would be entered into. Some non-recourse borrowings are subject to special treatment of interest rate swap, and these are calculated by applying a discount rate to be applied to the total principal and interest with the consideration of the underlying interest rate swap if a similar new borrowings agreement would be entered into.
(13) Derivative transactions
The fair value of derivative transactions is valued from prices quoted by financial institutions.
2.Anticipated redemption amount after balance sheet date for monetary assets and securities with maturities.
 As at March 31, 2020 Less than 1 year
Cash ¥351,722
Over 1 year less than 5 years
¥– 16,433
– –
¥16,433
Over 1 year less than 5 years
¥– 7,152
20 –
¥7,172
Millions of Yen
Over 5 years
¥– –
– –
¥–
Millions of Yen
Over 5 years
¥– 1
– –
¥1
 Notes and accounts receivable — trade Marketable securities and investment securities Other marketable securities with maturities  Bonds (corporate bonds)
 Other (negotiable certificate of deposit)
529,714
20 1,000
 Total ¥882,457
As at March 31, 2021 Less than 1 year
Cash ¥214,321
   Notes and accounts receivable — trade Marketable securities and investment securities Other marketable securities with maturities  Bonds (corporate bonds)
 Other (negotiable certificate of deposit)
477,291
– 62,000
 Total ¥753,612
 100 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
 Financial Section
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
 As at March 31, 2021 Less than 1 year
Cash $1,937,284
Over 1 year less than 5 years
$– 64,656
180 –
$64,837
Over 5 years
$– 10
– –
$10
 Notes and accounts receivable — trade Marketable securities and investment securities Other marketable securities with maturities  Bonds (corporate bonds)
 Other (negotiable certificate of deposit)
4,314,300
– 560,426
 Total $6,812,012
 3. Repayment schedule for short-term borrowings, bonds payable, convertible bond-type bonds with subscription rights to shares, non-recourse bonds payable, long-term borrowings and non-recourse borrowings after each fiscal year end.
 As at March 31, 2020
Short-term borrowings Commercial papers Bonds payable
Convertible bond-type bonds with subscription rights to shares
Non-recourse bonds payable
Long-term borrowings Non-recourse borrowings
Less than 1 year
¥112,774
80,000
10,000 30,000
2,764
– 6,957
Over 1 year less than 2 years
¥–
–
10,000 –
1,265
14,920
6,546
¥32,732
Over 1 year less than 2 years
¥–
–
– –
13,761
15,312
7,441
¥36,516
Over 2 years less than 3 years
¥–
–
–
–
13,761
12,626
6,137
¥32,525
Over 2 years less than 3 years
¥–
–
–
–
8,208
12,923
7,042
¥28,174
Over 3 years less than 4 years
¥–
–
–
–
8,208
10,237
5,738
¥24,183
Over 3 years less than 4 years
¥–
– 20,000
–
–
11,079
14,457
¥45,537
Over 4 years less than 5 years
¥–
–
20,000
–
–
8,393
5,269
¥33,663
Over 4 years less than 5 years
¥–
–
30,000
–
–
10,210
26,256
¥66,467
Millions of Yen
Over 5 years
¥–
– 30,000
–
–
24,182
21,514
¥75,697
Millions of Yen
Over 5 years
¥–
–
50,000
–
–
21,797
11,374
¥83,171
                    Total ¥242,496
  As at March 31, 2021
Short-term borrowings
Commercial papers
Bonds payable
Convertible bond-type bonds with subscription rights to shares
Non-recourse bonds payable
Long-term borrowings Non-recourse borrowings
Less than 1 year
¥143,705
–
10,000
–
1,265
– 7,851
                  Total ¥162,821
 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 101
 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
 As at March 31, 2021
Short-term borrowings
Commercial papers
Bonds payable
Convertible bond-type bonds with subscription rights to shares
Non-recourse bonds payable
Long-term borrowings Non-recourse borrowings
Total
Less than 1 year
$1,298,969
–
90,391
–
11,436 – 70,970
$1,471,768
Over 1 year less than 2 years
$–
–
–
–
124,395
138,411
67,266
$330,074
Over 2 years less than 3 years
$–
–
–
–
74,193
116,816
63,661
$254,671
Over 3 years less than 4 years
$–
–
180,782
–
–
100,150
130,685
$411,619
Over 4 years less than 5 years
$–
–
271,174
–
–
92,296
237,336
$600,807
Over 5 years
$–
–
451,956
–
–
197,031
102,813
$751,802
Millions of Yen
Difference
¥155,719
155,719
(6,571) –
(6,571)
¥149,147
Millions of Yen
Difference
¥192,434
192,434
(1,618) –
(1,618)
¥190,815
                 11. Securities
1) Other securities (with market value)
As at March 31, 2020
Book value
Acquisition cost
¥81,869
81,869
33,451 1,000
34,451
¥116,320
Acquisition cost
¥96,657
96,657
10,761 62,000
72,761
¥169,419
  Securities with unrealized gains
 Stocks ¥237,588
 Sub total 237,588 Securities with unrealized losses
 Stocks 26,880  Other 1,000
 Sub total 27,880
Total ¥265,468
As at March 31, 2021 Book value
Securities with unrealized gains
 Stocks ¥289,091
 Sub total 289,091 Securities with unrealized losses
 Stocks 9,143  Other 62,000
 Sub total 71,143
Total ¥360,235
          102 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
 Financial Section
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
 As at March 31, 2021 Book value
Securities with unrealized gains
 Stocks $2,613,141
 Sub total 2,613,141 Securities with unrealized losses
 Stocks 82,646  Other 560,426
 Sub total 643,072
Total $3,256,214
2) Other securities sold
For the year ended March 31, 2020 Sales amount
Shares ¥17,301
For the year ended March 31, 2021 Sales amount
Shares ¥20,083
For the year ended March 31, 2021 Sales amount
Shares $181,535
3) Securities with impairment loss
Acquisition cost
$873,703
873,703
97,276 560,426
657,703
$1,531,407
Total gain on sales
¥7,517
Total gain on sales
¥15,273
Difference
$1,739,437
1,739,437
(14,630) –
(14,630)
$1,724,807
Millions of Yen
Total loss on sales
¥507
Millions of Yen
Total loss on sales
¥153
           1) Derivative transactions to which hedge accounting is not applied (1) Currency-related transactions
As at March 31, 2020 and 2021
This item is omitted because of its immateriality.
2) Derivative transactions to which hedge accounting is applied (1) Currency-related transactions
As at March 31, 2020 Hedging method
Deferred hedge method
Transaction type
Foreign exchange forward contract
Buy U.S. dollar/ Sell Yen
Sell U.S. dollar/ Buy Singapore dollar
Main hedged item
Forecasted foreign currency transactions
Contract amount
¥2,716 8,821
Contract over 1 year
¥2,139 8,821
Millions of Yen
Fair value
¥35 (278)
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
Total gain on sales Total loss on sales
$138,055 $1,387
   The Group recorded impairment loss of ¥3,333 million ($30,129 thousand) on other securities for the year ended March 31, 2021.
 12. Derivatives
   Note: The fair value of derivative transactions is determined based on prices quoted by financial institutions.
Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 103
 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
As at March 31, 2021 Hedging method
Deferredhedge method
As at March 31, 2021 Hedging method
Deferredhedge method
Transaction type
Foreignexchange forward contract
Buy U.S. dollar/ Sell Yen
Buy Euro/ Sell Yen
Transaction type
Foreignexchange forward contract
Buy U.S. dollar/ Sell Yen
Buy Euro/ Sell Yen
Main hedged item
Forecastedforeign currency transactions
Main hedged item
Forecastedforeign currency transactions
Contract amount
¥2,941 2,448
Contract amount
$26,591 22,130
Contract over 1 year
¥2,504 131
Contract over 1 year
$22,641 1,192
Millions of Yen
Fair value
¥130 210
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
Fair value
$1,179 1,898
Millions of Yen
Fair value
(Note)
      Note: The fair value of derivative transactions is determined based on prices quoted by financial institutions.
(2) Interest-related transactions
As at March 31, 2020 Hedging method
Special treatment of interest rate swap
Contract
amount over 1 year
¥1,350 ¥450
 Transaction type Main hedged item
Interest rate swap Non-recourse transaction borrowings Payment fixed/
receiving variable
Contract
  Note: Since special treatment of interest rate swaps is made together with hedged non-recourse borrowings, its fair value of inter- est rate swaps has been included in that of the relevant non-recourse borrowings.
As at March 31, 2021 Hedging method
Special treatment of interest rate swap
As at March 31, 2021 Hedging method
Special treatment of interest rate swap
Transaction type
Interest rate swap transaction Payment fixed/ receiving variable
Transaction type
Interest rate swap transaction Payment fixed/ receiving variable
Main hedged item
Non-recourse borrowings
Main hedged item
Non-recourse borrowings
Contract amount
¥450
Contract amount
$4,067
Contract over 1 year
¥–
Contract over 1 year
$–
Millions of Yen
Fair value
(Note)
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
Fair value
(Note)
      104 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
Note: Since special treatment of interest rate swaps is made together with hedged non-recourse borrowings, its fair value of inter- est rate swaps has been included in that of the relevant non-recourse borrowings.
 2) Defined benefit pension plan
(1) Reconciliation of Projected Benefit Obligations
Projected benefit obligations as at April 1  Service cost
 Interest cost
 Actuarial gain or loss
 Retirement benefits paid  Prior service cost  Other
Projected benefit obligations as at March 31
Millions of Yen
2020 2021
¥153,909 ¥151,584 7,106 7,341 2 4 463 989
(10,952) (9,651) 266 22 790 931
¥151,584 ¥151,222
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2021
$1,370,195 66,365 42 8,942
(87,243) 203 8,416
$1,366,921
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2021
$852,313 6,592 48,276 39,058
(58,785) 126
$887,583
Financial Section
 13. Retirement Benefits
1) Summary of Employees’ Retirement Benefit Plans
The Corporation and certain consolidated subsidiaries have lump-sum retirement payment plans and defined benefit pension plans.
As at March 31, 2020, the Corporation and 21 consolidated subsidiaries offered lump-sum retire- ment payment plans and the Corporation and 5 consolidated subsidiaries also offered a defined benefit pension plan.
As at March 31, 2021, the Corporation and 22 consolidated subsidiaries offered lump-sum retire- ment payment plans and the Corporation and 5 consolidated subsidiaries also offered a defined benefit pension plan.
    Note: Some consolidated subsidiaries used a simplified method to compute their projected benefit obligations.
(2) Reconciliation of Plan assets
Plan assets as at April 1  Expected return on plan assets  Actuarial gain or loss  Contributions by the Corporation  Retirement benefits paid  Other
Plan assets as at March 31
2020
¥98,035 760
(1,266) 4,302 (7,590)
50
¥94,291
Millions of Yen
2021
¥94,291 729 5,340 4,321
(6,503) 14
¥98,193
     Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 105
 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(3) Reconciliation of Projected Benefit Obligations and Plan Assets and Net liability for retirement benefit in the consolidated balance sheet
  Funded projected benefit obligation Plan assets
Unfunded projected benefit obligation
Net liability for projected benefit in the consolidated balance sheet
Net defined benefit liability
Net liability for projected benefit in the consolidated balance sheet
(4) Retirement Benefit Expenses
Service cost
Interest cost
Expected return on plan assets Amortization of actuarial gain or loss Amortization of prior service cost Other
Retirement benefit expenses
2020
¥103,496 (94,291)
9,205 48,087
57,293
57,293
¥57,293
2020
¥7,106 2
(760) 1,185 7 739
¥8,281
Millions of Yen
2021
¥102,304 (98,193)
4,111 48,917
53,029
53,029
¥53,029
Millions of Yen
2021
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2021
$924,745 (887,583)
37,162 442,175
479,337
479,337
$479,337
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2021
¥7,341
4 42
       (729) 1,532 19 766
¥8,935
(6,592) 13,851 174 6,924
$80,765
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2021
$29 (53,186)
$(53,157)
$66,365
  (5) Remeasurements of Defined Benefit Plans included in other comprehensive income
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans (before tax effect) were as follows:
  Prior service cost Actuarial gain or loss Total
Millions of Yen
2020 2021
¥258 ¥3 543 (5,884)
¥802 ¥(5,880)
    (6) Remeasurements of Defined Benefit Plans included in accumulated other comprehensive income
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans (before tax effect) were as follows:
Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2021
$2,107 6,467
$8,574
  Unrecognized prior service cost Unrecognized actuarial gain or loss
Total
2020
¥229 6,599
¥6,829
2021
¥233 715
¥948
  106 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
 (7) Plan assets
(a) Major components of plan assets were as follows:
Financial Section
2020 2021
 Stocks 12% 15% Bonds 12% 13% General account 73% 70% Other 3% 2%
Total 100% 100%
(b) Method for estimation of expected return on plan assets
The expected return on plan assets has been estimated based on the anticipated allocation to each asset class and the expected long-term returns on assets held in each category.
(8) Assumptions for actuarial calculations
Major components of the basis for actuarial calculations (figures are weighted averages)
2020 2021
Discount rates 0.0% 0.0% Expected rates of return on plan assets 0.8% 0.8%
14. Deferred Tax Accounting
1) As at March 31, 2020 and 2021, the significant components of deferred tax assets and liabilities were as follows:
       2020
Deferred tax assets
 Net defined benefit liability
 Non-deductible portion of reserves and allowances
 Losses on write-down of assets
 Excess depreciation of fixed assets
 Tax losses carried forward
 Other 25,323
Millions of Yen
2021
¥15,250 11,227 7,543 6,563 2,321 17,973
60,880 (12,938)
47,942
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2021
$137,854 101,489 68,190 59,327 20,980 162,467 550,309
(116,952) 433,357
(515,060) (55,276) (570,336) $(136,979)
As at March 31
  ¥16,344 9,189 7,349 6,262 2,245
   Sub total
 Less: valuation allowance
Total deferred tax assets
Deferred tax liabilities
 Net unrealized gains on other securities  Other
Total deferred tax liabilities
Net deferred tax assets(liabilities)
66,715 (14,378)
52,337 (44,234)
  (56,981) (5,466) (6,115)
   (49,701) (63,096)
¥2,636 ¥(15,153)
      2) Reconciliation of the statutory tax rate to the effective income tax rate:
Reconciliations as at March 31, 2020 and 2021 are omitted because the differences are not more than 5% of the statutory tax rate.
Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 107
 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 15. Investment and Rental Properties
The Corporation and certain consolidated subsidiaries own office buildings, residential units and other real estate properties for lease, mainly in Tokyo and other major urban cities in Japan.
For the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2021, the carrying values, changes during the year, and fair values of those properties were as follows:
  For the year ended March 31
Carrying value
 Balance at beginning of year  Changes during the year  Balance at end of year
Fair value at end of year
2020
¥162,626 54,286 216,913 369,280
Millions of Yen
2021
¥216,913 81,039 297,952 459,450
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2021
$1,960,707 732,524 2,693,231 4,153,036
    Notes: 1. The carrying value is the amount after deducting accumulated depreciation from acquisition cost.
2. The changes during the year primarily consist of real estate acquisitions (increase: ¥59,042million) and depreciation (decrease:
¥4,093 million) for the year ended March 31, 2020.
3. The changes during the year primarily consist of real estate acquisitions (increase: ¥96,810million ($875,082thousand)), sales
of real estate (decrease: ¥8,117 million ($73,374 thousand)) and depreciation (decrease: ¥4,990 million ($45,106 thousand)) for
the year ended March 31, 2021.
4. The fair value is mainly calculated by the Corporation based on real estate appraisal standards, or based on the appraisal re-
port prepared by external certified appraisers.
For the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2021, incomes from rental business were as follows:
  For the year ended March 31
Net sales on rental business
Cost of sales on rental business Gross profit on rental business Other profit
2020
¥19,609 13,061 6,548 163
Millions of Yen
2021
¥27,042 16,320 10,722
65
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2021 $244,441 147,519 96,922 588
    108 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
 Financial Section
 16. Segment Information
1) Segment Information
(1) Overview of Reportable Segment
The Group is engaged in construction, real estate development and other related businesses. Con- struction business and real estate business both operated by the Corporation are the main busi- nesses of the Group.
Construction business of the Corporation is operated by branches, etc. located in various re- gions. Real estate business of the Corporation, which involves development, rental and sales, is op- erated by the Investment and Development Division. The Board of Directors regularly reviews the management and operating results.
Therefore, based on the aggregate criteria and the quantitative criteria, “Construction business of the Corporation,” which consists of branches of the Corporation, and “Real estate business of the Corporation,” conducted by the Investment and Development Division, are deemed to be the two reportable segments of the Group.
(2) Detail of the method used to calculate net sales, profit or loss, assets and liabilities by reportable segment The accounting policies of the reportable segments are mostly the same as those in “4. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies.” However, segment profit does not include provision and reversal amounts of reserves and allowances which are included in the consolidated financial statements. Intersegment transactions are based on arm’s length price.
(3) Net sales, profit or loss, assets and liabilities by reportable segment were as follows:
  For the year ended March 31, 2020
Net sales
 Customers  Intersegment or transfer
Total
Segment profit (Note 1)
Construction business of the Corporation
Real estate business of the Corporation
Other (Note 2)
¥323,743 196,441
¥520,185
¥22,355
Total
¥1,698,292 263,815
¥1,962,108
¥177,798
Adjustment (Note 3)
Millions of Yen
Consolidated
   ¥1,348,316 ¥26,232 59,757 7,615
¥1,408,074 ¥33,848
¥145,130 ¥10,312
¥– ¥1,698,292 (263,815) –
¥(263,815) ¥1,698,292
¥(43,904) ¥133,894
   Notes: 1. Segment profits are adjusted to the operating income of the Corporation’s consolidated statement of income.
2. “Other” segment is composed of business segments not included in the reportable segments, and includes Engineering and
LCV(Life Cycle Valuation) business operated by the Corporation and other businesses operated by subsidiaries. 3. The adjustment of ¥43,904 million in segment profit was intersegment eliminations, etc.
4. The amounts of business segment assets
have not been presented because they were not allocated to business segments. Millions of Yen
  For the year ended March 31, 2021
Net sales
 Customers  Intersegment or transfer
Total
Segment profit (Note 1)
For the year ended March 31, 2021
Net sales
 Customers  Intersegment or transfer
Total
Segment profit (Note 1)
Construction business of the Corporation
¥1,162,305 51,007
¥1,213,312
¥107,559
Construction business of the Corporation
Real estate business of the Corporation
¥45,499 125
¥45,625
¥14,993
Real estate business of the Corporation
Other (Note 2)
¥248,668 164,555
¥413,223
¥14,933
Other (Note 2)
$2,247,745 1,487,439
$3,735,185
$134,983
Total
¥1,456,473 215,688
¥1,672,161
¥137,486
Total
$13,165,263 1,949,636
$15,114,899
$1,242,762
Adjustment (Note 3)
Consolidated
   ¥– ¥1,456,473 (215,688) –
¥(215,688) ¥1,456,473
¥(37,334) ¥100,151
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
     Adjustment (Note 3)
Consolidated
   $10,506,237 $411,279 461,064 1,132
$10,967,302 $412,411
$972,246 $135,531
$– $13,165,263 (1,949,636) –
$(1,949,636) $13,165,263
$(337,474) $905,287
   Notes: 1. Segment profits are adjusted to the operating income of the Corporation’s consolidated statement of income.
2. “Other” segment is composed of business segments not included in the reportable segments, and includes Engineering and
LCV(Life Cycle Valuation) business operated by the Corporation and other businesses operated by subsidiaries.
3. The adjustment of ¥37,334 million ($337,474 thousand) in segment profit was intersegment eliminations, etc.
4. The amounts of business segment assets have not been presented because they were not allocated to business segments.
Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 109
 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
2) Related information
For the year ended March 31, 2020
(1) Product and Service Information
Net sales from external customers in the Construction business including architectural construc- tion, civil engineering and other related business totaled ¥1,517,883 million.
(2) Geographical Segments
(a) Net sales
This item is omitted because net sales to customers in Japan represented over 90% of the net sales of the Corporation’s consolidated statement of income.
(b) Tangible fixed assets
This item is omitted because tangible assets located in Japan represented over 90% of the tangible fixed assets on the consolidated balance sheet.
(3) Information by main customers
This item is omitted because net sales to no single customer represented 10% or more of total net sales of the Corporation’s consolidated statement of income.
For the year ended March 31, 2021
(1) Product and Service Information
Net sales from external customers in the Construction business including architectural construction, civil engineering and other related business totaled ¥1,301,363 million ($11,763,204 thousand).
(2) Geographical Segments
(a) Net sales
This item is omitted because net sales to customers in Japan represented over 90% of the net sales of the Corporation’s consolidated statement of income.
(b) Tangible fixed assets
This item is omitted because tangible assets located in Japan represented over 90% of the tangible fixed assets on the consolidated balance sheet.
(3) Information by main customers
This item is omitted because net sales to no single customer represented 10% or more of total net sales of the Corporation’s consolidated statement of income.
3) Impairment loss on fixed assets by reportable segment
For the years ended March 31, 2020
Impairment loss in amount of ¥2,915 million is related to a fixed asset to be disposed by the Cor- poration which is not allocated to a business segment.
For the years ended March 31, 2021 Not applicable.
4) Amortization of goodwill and unamortized balance by reportable segment
For the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2021
This item is omitted in accordance with Article 15-2 Paragraph 4 of the Regulations for Consolidat- ed Financial Statements.
5) Gain on negative goodwill by reportable segment
This item is omitted in accordance with Article 15-2 Paragraph 4 of the Regulations for Consolidat- ed Financial Statements
17. Related Party Transactions
For the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2021 Not applicable.
 110 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
 18. Amounts per Share
For the year ended March 31
Net assets per share of common stock
Basic net income per share of common stock Diluted net income per share of common stock
2020
¥957.56 ¥128.31 ¥128.30
Yen
2021
¥1,068.74 ¥101.17 ¥101.17
U.S. Dollars
2021 $9.66 $0.91 $0.91
Financial Section
        1) Basis of net income per share of common stock and diluted net income per share of common stock (1) Net income per share of common stock
  For the year ended March 31
Net income attributed to shareholders of
the Corporation
Net income not attributed to common shareholders Net income attributed to shareholders of
Corporation available for distribution to
shareholders of common shares
Average number of common shares issued and
outstanding during the period
(2) Diluted net income per share of common stock
For the year ended March 31
Adjustment in net income attributed to
shareholders of the Corporation
(Stock subscription rights of affiliated companies
decrease the equity investment earnings when
they are exercised)
Number of common stock increased by share warrants
Millions of Yen
2020 2021
¥98,977 ¥77,176 – –
98,977 77,176 771,417 762,855
thousand thousand shares shares
Millions of Yen
2020 2021
¥(1) ¥(0)
– –
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2021
$697,607 –
697,607
762,855
thousand shares
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2021 $(3)
–
            Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 111
 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(3) Summary of diluted stock not included in the calculation of diluted net income per share due to absence of dilution effect
For the year ended March 31,2020
Euro/Yen Zero Coupon Convertible Bonds due 2020
 Total amount of face value of Bonds (Millions of Yen)
¥30,000
Number of Subscription rights to shares (Shares)
3,000
Class and number of shares underlying subscription rights to shares
Common stock
Total amount of face value of Bonds divided by conversion value
Conversion value (Yen)
¥1,252.9
Exercise period of subscription rights to shares
From October 30, 2015 To October 2, 2020
  Subscription rights to shares issued by 1 equity-method affiliate
Class and number of shares underlying       subscription rights to shares
       Common stock    4,000 thousand shares
For the year ended March 31,2021
Subscription rights to shares issued by 1 equity-method affiliate
    Class and number of shares underlying       subscription rights to shares
       Common stock    4,000 thousand shares
2) Basis of net assets per share of common stock
As at March 31
Net assets
Amounts deducted from net assets  Non-controlling interests
Net assets applicable to common stock Number of shares of common stock
at end of year
2020
¥736,412 5,932 5,932 730,479 762,856
thousand shares
Millions of Yen
2021
¥821,446 6,157 6,157 815,288 762,853
thousand shares
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2021 $7,425,170 55,662 55,662 7,369,507 762,853
thousand shares
         112 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
 19. Bonds Payable
Balance at April 1, 2020
Millions of Yen
Dec. 4,
2014 ¥10,000 Mar. 6,
2015
Aug. 4,
2017
Nov. 30,
2017
Sep. 3,
2019
Dec. 12,
2019
Apr. 27,
2020
Apr. 27,
2020
Sep. 9,
2020
Sep. 9,
2020
Oct.16, 2015
Mar. 31, 2017
Aug. 30, 2019
Aug. 30,
2019 1,600
– ¥126,016
Balance at March 31, 2021 (Note 1)
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
$90,391 (90,391)
$– 90,391
90,391 180,782 90,391 180,782 45,195 90,391 135,587
$–
89,812 (7,809)
120,211 (3,624)
$–
Financial Section
   Issued by
Corporation Corporation
Corporation Corporation Corporation Corporation Corporation Corporation Corporation Corporation Corporation
MM21-46 SPC
Momiji Property SPC
Momiji Property SPC
Total
Issue type
21th unsecured straight bond 22th unsecured straight bond 23th unsecured straight bond 24th unsecured straight bond 25th unsecured straight bond 26th unsecured straight bond 27th unsecured straight bond 28th unsecured straight bond 29th unsecured straight bond 30th unsecured straight bond Euro/Yen Zero Coupon Convertible Bonds due 2020 3rd general secured specified corporate bond
(Note 2)
1st A general secured specified corporate bond (Note 2)
1st B general secured specified corporate bond (Note 2)
–
Issue date
Millions of Yen
¥10,000 (10,000)
¥– 10,000 10,000 20,000 10,000 20,000 5,000 10,000 15,000
¥–
9,936 (864)
13,299 (401)
¥–
Interest Rate(%)
0.390 0.337
0.250 0.365 0.270 0.110 0.390 0.500 0.160 0.390
–
0.259 (Note 3)
0.279 (Note 3)
0.269 (Note 3)
Collateral Maturity Remarks
Dec. 3,
None 2021 (*1) Mar. 5,
None 2021 (*1) Aug. 2,
None 2024 (*1) Nov. 30,
None 2027 (*1)
Sep. 3,
None 2029 (*1) Dec. 12,
None 2024 (*1) Apr. 25,
None 2025 (*1) Apr. 26,
None 2030 (*1)
Sep. 9,
None 2025 (*1) Sep. 9,
None 2030 (*1)
Oct. 16, None 2020
Apr. 28,
Yes 2023 (*2)
Aug. 31,
Yes 2022 (*2)
Aug. 31,
Yes 2020 (*2)
   10,000 10,000
10,000 20,000 10,000
30,016
10,800
13,600
¥– ¥– ¥– ¥–
   ¥133,235 $1,204,329 (11,265) (101,825)
––
– –
   Notes: (*1) With limited inter-bond pari passu clause (*2) Limited to qualified institutional investors
1. Bracketed figures are due within one year from the balance sheet date.
2. Non-recourse bonds
3. At floating rates and the most recent rates
4. Aggregate annual maturities of bonds payable, convertible bond-type bonds with subscription rights to shares and non-recourse
bonds due within five years from the balance sheet date are as follows:
Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 113
 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Bonds payable
Less than 1 year
Over 1 year less than 2 years Over 2 years less than 3 years Over 3 years less than 4 years Over 4 years less than 5 years
Non-recourse bonds
Less than 1 year
Over 1 year less than 2 years Over 2 years less than 3 years
Millions of Yen
¥10,000 – – 20,000 30,000
Millions of Yen
¥1,265 13,761 8,208
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
$90,391 – – 180,782 271,174
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
$11,436 124,395 74,193
     114 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
 20. Borrowings
Financial Section
   Item
Short-term borrowings Current portion of long-term
borrowings Current portion of
non-recourse borrowings Current portion of lease
obligations Long-term borrowings
(Excluding current portion) Non-recourse borrowings
(Excluding current portion) Lease obligations
(Excluding current portion) Commercial papers
Total
Notes:1. The “average interest rate” is 2. The average interest rate on
Balance at April 1, 2020
Millions of Yen
¥94,305
18,468
6,957
243
70,360
45,207
587 80,000
¥316,130
Millions of Yen
¥126,098 17,606 7,851 246 71,323 66,573 754
–
¥290,454
Balance at March 31, 2021
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
$1,139,823 159,145 70,970 2,225 644,707 601,764 6,820
–
$2,625,458
Average
interest Repayment rate (%) term
0.51 – 0.74 – 1.10 –
– – 0.74 2022–2037 1.08 2022–2038
– 2022–2030 (0.00) –
––
      the weighted average interest rate for the average balance of borrowings during the fiscal year. lease obligations is not presented because lease obligations carried on the consolidated balance
sheet represent the amount before deducting interest equivalents.
3. Aggregate annual repayment of long-term borrowings, non-recourse borrowings and lease obligations, excluding the current por-
tion, due to be repaid within five years from the balance sheet date are as follows:
Long-term borrowings (Excluding current portion)
Over 1 year less than 2 years Over 2 years less than 3 years Over 3 years less than 4 years Over 4 years less than 5 years
Non-recourse borrowings (Excluding current portion)
Over 1 year less than 2 years Over 2 years less than 3 years Over 3 years less than 4 years Over 4 years less than 5 years
Lease obligations (Excluding current portion)
Over 1 year less than 2 years Over 2 years less than 3 years Over 3 years less than 4 years Over 4 years less than 5 years
Millions of Yen
¥15,312 12,923 11,079 10,210
Millions of Yen
¥7,441 7,042 14,457 26,256
Millions of Yen
¥206 150 125 98
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
$138,411 116,816 100,150
92,296
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
$67,266 63,661 130,685 237,336
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
$1,868 1,356 1,130
887
       21. Asset Retirement Obligations
In accordance with Article 92, Paragraph 2 of “Regulation for Consolidated Financial Statements” the amount of asset retirement obligations as at April 1, 2020 and March 31, 2021 has not been presented because it represented less than 1% of total liabilities and net assets on the consolidated balance sheets.
Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 115
 
 22. Subsequent Event
On May 10, 2021, the Board of Directors of the Corporation resolved to purchase its own shares in accordance with Article 156 of the Corporation Law of Japan, applied pursuant to Paragraph 3, Article 165 of the said Law.
1) Purpose of implementing share buybacks
To further enhance the company’s value through improved capital efficiency
2) Details
(1) Type of shares to be purchased
Common stock of the Corporation
(2) Total number of shares to be purchased
Up to 28,000 thousand shares (3.66% of total number of issued shares (excluding treasury
stock))
(3) Aggregate purchase amount
Up to ¥20 billion ($180,782 thousand)
(4) Purchase period
From May 11, 2021 to December 31, 2021
116 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
 Independent Auditor’s Report
The Board of Directors Shimizu Corporation
Opinion
We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements of Shimizu Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries (the Group), which comprise the consolidated balance sheet as at March 31, 2021, and the consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in net assets, and cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements.
In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Group as at March 31, 2021, and its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in Japan.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in Japan. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the consolidated financial statements in Japan, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of the audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming the auditor’s opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
Financial Section
Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 117
 
  Estimate of total construction costs under the percentage-of-completion method
  Description of Key Audit Matter
As described in Note 4. 11) to the Consolidated Financial Statements, Shimizu Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries have applied the percentage- of-completion method (the percentage of completion is calculated based on the costs incurred to date as the percentage of the estimated total costs) to construction contracts, of which the percentage of completion can be reliably estimated and the completed-contract method to all other construction contracts. Of the ¥1,456,473 million ($13,165,263 thousand) in net sales recorded in the consolidated statement of income for the year ended March 31, 2021, the amount of revenue recognized using the percentage-of-completion method recorded by Shimizu Corporation was ¥1,080,970 million ($9,771,038 thousand), accounting for 74%.
Revenue under the percentage-of-completion method is measured based on the percentage of completion calculated based on the costs incurred by the end of the fiscal year as the percentage of the estimate of total construction costs.
Since construction work is highly individualized, and basic specifications and operation are based on instructions from customers, it is difficult to obtain a uniform scale of judgment in estimating total construction costs. Therefore, the estimate of the total construction costs involves certain assumptions and judgments by the person in charge of the construction site who has specialized knowledge and experience in construction work.
In addition, since construction work is generally carried out over long periods of time, there may be changes in construction contracts during the progress of construction work, delays in construction work due to adverse weather conditions, and changes in unit prices of construction materials and labors. Therefore, a timely and appropriate review of the total construction costs is complex.
Based on the above, we determined that the estimate of the total construction costs used in calculation of construction revenue and construction progress of Shimizu Corporation as most significant for the year ended March 31, 2021 and determined this to be a key audit matter.
Auditor’s Response
The audit procedures we performed to assess the adequacy of the estimate of the total construction costs under the percentage-of-completion method included the following, among others:
(1) Evaluation of internal controls
We evaluated the design and operating effectiveness of the following internal controls of Shimizu Corporation concerning the estimate of the total construction costs.
•Control over the execution budget document (the budget document for construction cost management), which is the basis of the estimation of the total construction costs, prepared by the person in charge of the construction site and to ensure reliability by obtaining the approval from the person in charge of the construction cost management department, etc.
• Control over the estimate of the total construction costs is reviewed in a timely manner in accordance with the status of the construction work, the amount of actual costs incurred and instructions regarding specification changes from customers.
• System for timely and appropriate monitoring by the construction cost management department.
(2) Evaluation of adequacy of estimate of total construction costs
We identified construction projects subject to relatively high uncertainty of the estimate of the total construction costs considering the construction contract amount, construction profit or loss, construction situation, etc., and performed the following procedures.
•We compared the initial estimate of the total construction costs with the execution budget document which was the basis of the calculation for the estimation. In addition, we examined whether the execution budget document was consistent in light of the object of the construction work contract, whether it was calculated by piling up by construction type and whether there were any abnormal adjustments with unclear reason.
•We compared the latest estimate of the total construction costs with the adjusted estimated cost budget, and examined whether the latest estimate of
        118 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
 Financial Section
   the total construction costs was revised in a timely manner based on the progress of the construction, the contract status with the subcontractors, etc.
• If the difference between the initial estimate of the total construction profit and the latest estimate exceeded a certain threshold, we examined whether the change in the estimation reflected the actual status of the construction in light of construction change blueprints, schedules, contracts with subcontractors, etc., and made inquiries with the person in charge of the construction cost management department.
• We examined whether any significant events had occurred necessitating reviews of estimates of the total construction costs by making inquiries with the person in charge of the construction cost management department about the construction status, the progress of the construction and the contract status with the subcontractors.
•As for the construction deemed necessary, we inspected construction sites and examined whether the construction status was consistent with the estimate of the total construction costs and the construction progress.
• We evaluated the estimation process of the total costs of construction work by comparing the prior estimate of the total costs of construction work with the actual or reestimated amounts.
Responsibilities of Management, the Corporate Auditor and the Board of Corporate Auditors for the Consolidated Financial Statements
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of these consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in Japan, and for such internal control as management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern and disclosing, as required by accounting principles generally accepted in Japan, matters related to going concern.
The Corporate Auditor and the Board of Corporate Auditors are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.
  Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 119
 
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in Japan, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:
• Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
• Consider internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances for our risk assessments, while the purpose of the audit of the consolidated financial statements is not expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.
• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by management.
• Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in Japan.
• Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
We communicate with the Corporate Auditor and the Board of Corporate Auditors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide the Corporate Auditor and the Board of Corporate Auditors with a statement that we have complied with the ethical requirements regarding independence that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in Japan, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
120 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
 From the matters communicated with the Corporate Auditor and the Board of Corporate Auditors, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
Interest Required to Be Disclosed by the Certified Public Accountants Act of Japan
Our firm and its designated engagement partners do not have any interest in the Group which is required to be disclosed pursuant to the provisions of the Certified Public Accountants Act of Japan.
Convenience Translation
The U.S. dollar amounts in the accompanying consolidated financial statements with respect to the year ended March 31, 2021 are presented solely for convenience. Our audit also included the translation of Japanese yen amounts into U.S. dollar amounts and, in our opinion, such translation has been made on the basis described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements.
Ernst & Young ShinNihon LLC Tokyo, Japan
June 29, 2021
Yuji Suzuki
Designated Engagement Partner Certified Public Accountant
Masato Nakagawa
Designated Engagement Partner Certified Public Accountant
Financial Section
  Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 121
 
Supplemental Information
Nonconsolidated Balance Sheet
Shimizu Corporation As at March 31, 2021
ASSETS Current Assets:
Cash ¥269,962
Millions of Yen
¥155,279 31,574 430,598 62,000 0 64,419 5,360 138 133 104,254
(1,092)
852,666
145,853 4,987 7,323 388 4,705 193,527 33,762
390,547
6,390 4,363 2,926
13,681
316,210 43,178 5,182 822 8 2,648 – 441 – 9,594
(2,011)
376,076
780,305
¥1,632,972
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
$1,403,589 285,409 3,892,237 560,426 0 582,300 48,454 1,252 1,209 942,370
(9,874)
7,707,375
1,318,388 45,086 66,199 3,510 42,533 1,749,317 305,179
3,530,216
57,767 39,444 26,455
123,667
2,858,268 390,298 46,847 7,437 80 23,936 – 3,993 – 86,727
(18,185)
3,399,403
7,053,287
 2020
2021
2021
Notes receivable
Accounts receivable from completed construction contracts Marketable securities
Real estate for sale
Costs on uncompleted construction contracts
Costs on uncompleted real estate development projects Materials and supplies
Prepaid expenses
Other current assets
Less: Allowance for doubtful accounts
Total current assets
Non-Current Assets:
Tangible fixed assets: Buildings
Structures
Machinery and equipment Vehicles
Tools, furniture and fixtures Land
Construction in progress
Total tangible fixed assets
Intangible fixed assets: Leasehold
Software
Other intangible fixed assets
Total intangible fixed assets
Investments and other assets:
Investment securities
Investments in subsidiaries and affiliates
Investments in other securities of subsidiaries and affiliates Investments in capital
Long-term loans
Long-term loans to subsidiaries and affiliates Claims in bankruptcy or reorganization proceedings Long-term prepaid expenses
Deferred tax assets
Other investments
Less: Allowance for doubtful accounts
Total investments and other assets
Total non-current assets
Total assets
22,555 481,275 1,000 0 73,805 5,885 178 152 96,148
(713)
950,249
118,973 4,369 3,679 422 4,783 152,820 23,199
308,248
1,501 3,788 1,278
6,567
281,690 41,987 3,850 393 12 3,299 16 609 72 9,506
(2,075)
339,362
654,179
¥1,604,429
$14,760,662
          Notes: (1) Yen amounts have been rounded down to the nearest million.
(2) U.S. dollar amounts have been translated at the exchange rate of ¥110.63 to U.S.$1, the approximate rate prevailing at March 31, 2021.
122 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
  2020
2021
2021
LIABILITIES Current Liabilities:
Notes payable
Accounts payable for construction contracts
Short-term borrowings
Current portion of non-recourse borrowings
Commercial papers
Current portion of bonds payable
Current portion of convertible bond-type bonds with subscription rights to shares Lease obligations
Accounts payable—other
Accrued expenses
Income taxes payable
Advances received on uncompleted construction contracts
Deposits received
Warranty reserve
Reserve for expected losses on construction contracts in process Reserve for directors' bonuses
Reserve for loss on anti-monopoly act
Asset retirement obligations
Other current liabilities
Total current liabilities
Non-Current Liabilities:
Bonds payable
Long-term borrowings
Non-recourse borrowings
Lease obligations
Deferred tax liabilities
Deferred tax liabilities for revaluation reserve for land Reserve for employees’ retirement benefits
Asset retirement obligations
Other non-current liabilities
Total non-current liabilities
Total liabilities
NET ASSETS Shareholders’ Equity:
Common stock, no par value
Authorized: 1,500,000 thousand shares
Issued: 788,514 thousand shares as at March 31, 2020 and 2021
Additional paid-in capital: Capital reserve
Other additional paid-in capital
Retained earnings:
Legal reserve Contingent Reserve Other retained earnings
Less: Treasury stock, at cost
24,322 thousand shares as at March 31, 2021 24,319 thousand shares as at March 31, 2020
Total shareholders’ equity
Valuation and Translation Adjustments:
Net unrealized gain (loss) on other securities, net of taxes Deferred gain (loss) on hedging, net of taxes
Revaluation reserve for land, net of taxes
Total valuation and translation adjustments Total net assets
Total liabilities and net assets
¥58,408 210,661 93,373 – 80,000 10,000 30,016 1,160 18,222 17,465 22,669 90,943 142,792 3,806 5,729 289 1,820 80 298
787,738
60,000 53,436 – 1,623 – 17,659 44,476 3 19,347
196,547
984,286
74,365
43,143 1
18,394 295,200 80,721
– (21,191)
490,635
103,811 (168)
25,864 129,507 620,143
¥1,604,429
Millions of Yen
¥49,916 189,897 125,070
1,300 – 10,000 – 1,138 10,399 16,811 7,954 90,085 132,527 3,178 13,932 – – 81 331
652,626
100,000 54,966 28,050
1,720 15,434 17,644 45,472
3 20,011
283,303
935,929
74,365
43,143 1
18,394 355,600 68,270
(21,193) –
538,582
132,391 236 25,831 158,459 697,042
¥1,632,972
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
$451,206 1,716,513 1,130,532
11,750 – 90,391 – 10,288 93,998 151,963 71,901 814,291 1,197,937 28,728 125,940 – – 736 2,996
5,899,179
903,913 496,845 253,547
15,551 139,513 159,494 411,031
34 180,887
2,560,822
8,460,001
672,198
389,980 13
166,273 3,214,317 617,110
(191,571) –
4,868,322
1,196,701 2,139 233,497 1,432,338 6,300,661
$14,760,662
Financial Section
                    Notes: (1) Yen amounts have been rounded down to the nearest million.
(2) U.S. dollar amounts have been translated at the exchange rate of ¥110.63 to U.S.$1, the approximate rate prevailing at March 31, 2021.
Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 123
 
Supplemental Information
Nonconsolidated Statement of Income
Shimizu Corporation
For the year ended March 31, 2021
Net Sales:
Construction contracts
Real estate development and other
Cost of Sales:
Construction contracts
Real estate development and other
Gross profit:
Construction contracts
Real estate development and other
Selling, General and Administrative Expenses
Operating income
Non-Operating Income (Expenses):
Interest and dividend income
Interest expenses
Provision of allowance for doubtful accounts Foreign exchange gain (loss)
Other, net
Ordinary income Special Gains (Losses):
Gain on sales of fixed assets
Reversal of reserve for loss on anti-monopoly act
Loss on sales of fixed assets
Loss on devaluation of investment securities
Loss on devaluation of shares of subsidiaries and affiliates Impairment loss on fixed assets
Loss related to infectious diseases
Loss on land remediation
Other, net
Income before income taxes Provision for Income Taxes:
Current Deferred
Net Income
¥1,356,715 60,889
1,417,604
1,180,549 47,798
1,228,348
176,165 13,090
189,256 73,974
115,281
10,930 (1,508)
– (1,632) (386)
122,686
7,538 –
(507) (792)
– (2,915)
– – –
126,009
43,407 (6,762)
36,644
¥89,365
Millions of Yen
¥1,177,125 72,860
1,249,985
1,032,869 54,723
1,087,592
144,256 18,137
162,393 72,329
90,064
8,596 (1,927) (276)
2,658 (500)
98,613
15,282 616
(154) (3,310) (1,553)
– (4,137) (3,030) (650)
101,675
26,584 2,721
29,305
¥72,370
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
$10,640,201 658,594
11,298,796
9,336,249 494,651
9,830,901
1,303,952 163,943
1,467,895 653,793
814,101
77,702 (17,426) (2,501)
24,030 (4,525)
891,380
138,142 5,574
(1,400) (29,920) (14,040)
– (37,402) (27,396) (5,875)
919,060
240,296 24,596
264,892
$654,167
 2020
2021
2021
            Notes: (1) Yen amounts have been rounded down to the nearest million.
(2) U.S. dollar amounts have been translated at the exchange rate of ¥110.63 to U.S.$1, the approximate rate prevailing at March 31, 2021.
124 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
 Orders, Sales and Backlog (Nonconsolidated)
Shimizu Corporation
For the year ended March 31, 2021
(1) Construction orders awarded and contracts
Millions of Yen
¥800,581 17,136 817,718
312,824 172 312,996 1,130,715 70,254 ¥1,200,969
Millions of Yen
¥886,743 30,401
917,145
241,107 18,873
259,980
1,177,125 72,860
¥1,249,985
Millions of Yen
¥1,223,740 92,699
1,316,439
425,383 110,386
535,770
1,852,210 94,045
¥1,946,255
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
$7,236,570 154,897 7,391,468
2,827,665 1,557 2,829,223 10,220,691 635,040 $10,855,732
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
$8,015,395 274,807
8,290,202
2,179,403 170,595
2,349,999
10,640,201 658,594
$11,298,796
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
$11,061,557 837,924
11,899,482
3,845,101 997,801
4,842,903
16,742,385 850,092
$17,592,478
Overseas Operations
Financial Section
 2020
2021
2021
Construction business (orders) Architectural Construction Domestic Operations
¥854,645 53,154 Subtotal 907,799
        Civil Engineering
Domestic Operations 187,548 Overseas Operations 99,433
Subtotal 286,981
        Total construction business
Real estate development and other (contracts)
Total (2) Net sales
Construction business Architectural Construction
Domestic Operations Overseas Operations
Subtotal Civil Engineering
Domestic Operations Overseas Operations
Subtotal
Total construction business
Real estate development and other (contracts)
Total (3) Backlog
Construction business Architectural Construction
Domestic Operations Overseas Operations
Subtotal
Civil Engineering Domestic Operations Overseas Operations
Subtotal
Total construction business Real estate development and other
Total
1,194,781 79,622 ¥1,274,404
¥1,022,470 50,993 1,073,463
262,310 20,941 283,251 1,356,715 60,889 ¥1,417,604
¥1,309,901 105,965
1,415,866
353,666 129,087
482,753
1,898,620 96,651
¥1,995,272
        2020
2021
2021
                  2020
2021
2021
      Notes: (1) Yen amounts have been rounded down to the nearest million.
(2) U.S. dollar amounts have been translated at the exchange rate of ¥110.63 to U.S.$1, the approximate rate prevailing at March 31, 2021.
Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 125
 
Ten-Year Highlights (Consolidated)
Shimizu Corporation and its subsidiaries Years ended March 31, 2012 through 2021
For the year:
Construction orders awarded
Net sales
Operating income
Ordinary income
Net income attributable to shareholders of the Corporation
Net income per share of common stock (yen and U.S. dollars) Cash dividends per share of common stock (yen and U.S. dollars)
Ordinary dividends (yen and U.S. dollars)
Special dividends (yen and U.S. dollars) Dividends payout ratio (%)
ROE (%)
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities Cash and cash equivalents at end of year
At year-end:
Net assets
Total assets
Net assets per share of common stock (yen and U.S. dollars) Interest-bearing debt
Equity ratio(%)
Debt to equity ratio(times)
¥1,242,347
1,336,194 17,566 16,159 1,430 ¥1.82 ¥7.00 ¥7.00 – 384.6 0.5
10,518 (21,566) (23,942)
209,773
307,002 1,410,975 ¥387.74 375,330 21.6 1.23
¥1,254,950
1,416,044 13,101 17,330 5,901 ¥7.52 ¥7.00 ¥7.00 – 93.1 1.8
46,364 (29,744) (14,045)
216,634
358,094 1,456,441 ¥452.79 367,097 24.4 1.03
¥1,474,084
1,497,578 26,054 29,277 14,191 ¥18.09 ¥7.00 ¥7.00 – 38.7 3.9
17,395 (27,977) (28,592)
183,440
376,048 1,512,686 ¥474.43 344,222 24.6 0.92
 2012
2013
2014
  126 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021
 Financial Section
 2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2021
¥1,581,494
1,567,843 50,032 56,246 33,397 ¥42.56 ¥8.00 ¥8.00 – 18.8 7.9
56,105 (17,644) 14,305
242,482
481,896 1,703,399 ¥607.82 375,580 28.0 0.79
¥1,477,049 ¥1,565,928
1,664,933 1,567,427 94,668 128,835 95,501 131,197 59,322 98,946 ¥75.61 ¥126.11 ¥16.00 ¥26.00 ¥10.00 ¥10.00
¥6.00 ¥16.00 21.2 20.6 12.4 18.8
38,335 143,668 (14,051) (34,654) 9,199 (65,375)
274,167 315,803
485,655 576,879 1,722,936 1,688,197 ¥612.70 ¥728.78 392,482 340,010 27.9 33.9 0.82 0.59
¥1,608,266
1,519,435 121,373 124,130
84,978 ¥108.31 ¥26.00 ¥14.00 ¥12.00 24.0 13.9
82,879 (30,938) (26,124)
341,158
656,330 1,780,943 ¥829.58 338,264 36.5 0.52
¥1,816,023
1,664,960 129,724 133,957
99,668 ¥127.04 ¥36.00 ¥14.00 ¥22.00 28.3 14.4
(14,933) (52,652) (42,404)
229,978
735,242 1,860,794 ¥929.72 319,400 39.2 0.44
¥1,318,739
1,698,292 133,894 137,986
98,977 ¥128.31 ¥38.00 ¥20.00 ¥18.00 29.6 13.6
170,557 (115,745)
68,732 352,722
736,412 1,904,934 ¥957.56 441,315 38.3 0.60
Millions of Yen (unless otherwise indicated)
¥1,252,078
1,456,473 100,151 105,465
77,176 ¥101.17 ¥30.00 ¥20.00 ¥10.00 29.7 10.0
80,674 (113,954)
(42,710) 276,321
821,446 1,908,674 ¥1,068.74
422,688 42.7 0.52
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (unless otherwise indicated)
$11,317,713
13,165,263 905,287 953,315 697,607 $0.91 $0.27 $0.18 $0.09 29.7 10.0
729,229 (1,030,051) (386,069)
2,497,711
7,425,170 17,252,774 $9.66 3,820,742 42.7 0.52
  Notes:1. Yen amounts have been rounded down to the nearest million.
2. U.S. dollar amounts have been translated at the exchange rate of ¥110.63 to
3. The Group has applied the “Partial Amendments to Accounting Standard for
Guidances effective from the fiscal year ended march 31, 2019.
Accordingly, Total assets and Equity ratio for the fiscal year ended march 31,
U.S.$1, the approximate rate prevailing at March 31, 2021.
Tax Effect Accounting” (ASBJ Statement No. 28, February 16, 2018) and relevant
2018 are represented in accordance with the aforementioned standard, etc.
Shimizu Corporate Report 2021 127
 
                                                                      This document is printed on FSC® accredited paper using 100% Printed on paper made with wood from forest thinning vegetable oil based “Vegetable oil ink” and waterless printing methods “Morino Chonai-Kai” (Forest Neighborhood Association)
—supporting sound forest management. Printed in Japan 2112010 TOP
     