 MEBKS TOYOSU (Koto-ku, Tokyo Development Begun on a Large Rental Office Building in the Marunouchi Area of Nagoya, With an Eye toward the New Normal Environment
Shimizu began development of a large rental office building in the Marunouchi area in Naka-ku, Nagoya in February 2021, as a joint development project of three partners, including Shimizu.
The plans are based on the concept of an office that can accommodate diverse workstyles and fulfill the three functions of adaptation to the new normal, environmental friendliness, and BCP response. The building will be equipped with the latest AI and IoT technology and common meeting rooms and co-working spaces for the exclusive use of tenants. We are planning to create space for workstyles of the new normal era and install an aseismic base isolation structure and high performance air exchange system to achieve a ZEB Ready or higher level of environmental performance.
We will marshal Shimizu integrated strengths to complete the building in 2024, and succeed in making this an innovative office building in the era of the new normal.
Nagoya Marunouchi 1-chome Plan (tentative name, completed perspective) (Nagoya City, Aichi Prefecture)
Cleanrooms Installed as the Final Step in Completing the S.LOGi NIIZA East 2 Project
We completed S.LOGi NIIZA East 2, the final building in the S.LOGI NIIZA large-scale logistics facility development project, in June 2021.
This project was developed as a build-to-suit warehouse while incorporating the needs of tenants, and is also equipped with five cleanrooms.
The project took eight years from the time the corporate sup- porters were selected for the land repurposing project. The com- pletion of S.LOGi East 2 marks the completion of the entire S.LOGi NIIZA project for an investment of around 40 billion yen, and it will begin operating at full occupancy.
The entire Shimizu Group will continue to focus on development of new logistics facilities, using the experience gained from this project.
  Panoramic view of S.LOGi NIIZA with East 2 in the foreground (Niiza City, Saitama Prefecture)
Acquisition of The Shaw, a newly constructed rental housing building in Washington D.C., in the U.S.
In July 2020, we acquired The Shaw, a newly constructed rental housing building in Washington D.C., through our local U.S. sub- sidiary, Shimizu Realty Development (U.S.A) Inc. This property is located in a popular residential area with many bars, restaurants, and commercial facilities. It is in a good location that is reasonably close to the subway and offers good transportation access by car. It is divided into 69 units with a common area and residential facilities that meet the specifications of a condominium, and can be expected to provide stable revenue in the future. This property was the second addition to our portfolio after the Albano Building, a rental office building in New York that we acquired in 2019, and we plan to expand our investment in the North American region more.
    The Shaw, rental housing in Washington D.C. (U.S.)Investment and Development
Business
(Real Estate Development Business)
Contributing to the achievement of SDGs through business activities
Shimizu will optimize the business portfolio for further growth while expanding businesses and regions in the real estate development business, the core of our non-construction businesses. We will utilize the technologies of the Shimizu Group to develop comfortable, efficient communities. We will also expand our asset management business to expand the building stock business for the entire Shimizu group.Key Strategies
We will expand business domains and areas with the optimal portfolio for further growth in mind and will utilize Shimizu Group technologies to develop comfortable, efficient communities.
1. Expand asset portfolio
• Increase the amount of number for sale and lease
• Expand the logistics facility business and develop other growth markets
2. Create new value through all facets of urban development
• Create new value in office buildings through ecoBCP renovation, and innovations in sustainability
• Increase activities in regionally focused community development and large scale urban planning and development
3. Optimize overseas portfolio
• Diversify the countries targeted for investment based on growth potential and risk profile
i : Singapore: New development and leasing of offices and other build- ings, and redevelopment of former company sites
ii : ASEAN: Housing development lots, development and leasing of offic- es and other buildings
iii : U.S.: Renovation and development to increase the value of existing properties, and new development of rental housing and industrial properties
Progress Status
Mid-Term Management Plan
   1. Expand asset portfolio
• We increased rental assets by roughly 480,000 m2 by completing development of nine properties including S.LOGi NIIZA, the large office project, YOKOHAMA GRANGATE, and MEBKS TOYOSU in addition to the acquisition of five existing buildings.
• We completed YOKOHAMA GRANGATE, the first tenant building in Japan to ob- tain WELL certification in addition to LEED certification.
• We completed MEBKS TOYOSU, which is suited for diverse needs such as R&D. • We introduced our proprietary DX-core technology, in the Toyosu 6-chome project aimed at making it a Smart City, and also equipped existing buildings with
DX-core.
• We used Shimizu technology to complete the E2 Building equipped with clean-
rooms in the S.LOGi project, a large logistics facility.
2. Optimize overseas portfolio
• In the ASEAN region, we completed the Robinson Road project in Singapore and ISORAS CIKARANG and Trinity Tower in Indonesia, and acquired INDOCHINA PLAZA HANOI in Vietnam.
• In North America, we acquired the Albano Building, a rental office building in New York, and acquired and began operating The Shaw rental housing in Washington D.C.
• We are using our company-wide sales network, securing outstanding local part- ners, and working on forming new projects.
 54
Shimizu Corporate Report 2021ABOUT SHIMIZU ESG MANAGEMENT AT SHIMIZU MESSAGE FROM THE OFFICER SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTIONShimizu Corporate Report 2021 55