 Dream Wind Ehime Seiyo (Seiyo City, Ehime Prefecture) (generation capacity of 16 MW) Alternative Energy
Shimizu is working in the areas of renewable energy and ocean resource development. We have received many orders for the for- mer in particular, for planning, design, and construction of power generation plants, and the construction of solar power plants and onshore wind farms. We are currently building the world’s largest SEP (self-elevating platform) vessel. This SEP will make efficient and reliable construction of ultra-large wind turbines that are anchored in the seabed in offshore wind farms. We are aiming to achieve top market share in offshore wind farms, following our success in onshore wind farms.
Plant
Shimizu provides total engineering solutions encompassing the entire process from planning and design to installation construction and commissioning of production facilities for the pharmaceutical, food, chemical, cosmetics, semiconductor, and other industries. We will utilize our extensive engineering expertise in the production pro- cesses and important points to manage in each industry, as well as our integrated strengths in handling both production facilities and buildings to expand into regenerative medicine and other new areas and actively expand overseas.
Water equipment for manufacturing at the Tateyama Plant (Phase 1) of Maeda Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd (Nakaniikawa-gun, Toyama Prefecture)
Information Solutions
As the only business division that specializes in ICT at a general construction contractor, we provide integrated system solutions for the entire process from design to construction and maintenance for a wide variety of facilities and usage purposes, including offices, schools, hospitals, hotels, arenas, data centers, R&D centers, plants, and logistics facilities.
In fiscal 2020, we commercialized the DX-Core digital trans- formatio(n DX)platform, which controls the system and links the functions of various kinds of operating equipment, IoT devices and applications in the building. We continue to expand DX for building operation.
    JPS 20 Osaki City Sanbongi Solar Power Plant
(11.88 MW generation capacity) (Osaki City, Miyagi Prefecture)
Soil Environment
Shimizu provides solutions for addressing environmental pollution by performing soil and groundwater pollution surveys and cleanup. In the soil area, we develop the appropriate processing method technology for the pollution source and use a treatment method suitable for the site. In recent years, we have expanded the types of pollution we are capable of remediating to radioactive substances, dioxins, and other types of pollution. We will use our accumulated technological capabilities, experience, and expertise to continue to expand this business overseas.
    Thermal desorption soil remediation(test facility) (Kuwana City, Mie Prefecture)
Shimizu’s Engineering
https://www.shimz.co.jp/engineering/index2.html
Commercialization of DX-Core building operating system (OS) announced in October 2020
Connected to elevators
Face recognition system
Congestion map
Enhanced building entrance security
Self-driving car arrangements via smartphone app
Determines overcrowding
Guide robotEngineering Business
Shimizu is expanding and strengthening the four core areas of alternative energy, soil environment, plant, and information solutions on an ongoing basis to build a sustainable growth base. We will also strive to utilize the potential of these four areas without limiting ourselves to the existing framework to break into new businesses and create value that exceeds the expectations of society.
Mid-Term Management Plan
Contributing to the achievement of SDGs through business activitiesKey Strategies
We will focus on alternative energy, environmental cleanup, life sci- ences, and digital solutions and realize zero carbon communities and safe, secure, and healthy living environments.
1. Expand the EPC business in the four core areas of energy, environment, production plants, and information technology
• Increase Shimizu’s share of large onshore and offshore wind farm proj-
ects
• Broaden environmental decontamination engineering capabilities building
on existing soil decontamination technologies
• Increase orders of efficient plant turnkey operations by automating ad-
vanced production facilities
• Expand ICT systems projects
2. Enter new markets and diversify our revenue base
• Break into new areas such as next-generation energy, life sciences, advanced digital technology, and marine resource development; pursue alliances with venture firms and cross-industry players
• Move into advanced facility operation and management
Progress Status
   1. Expand the EPC business
• We co-created with customers from the upstream stages of projects and received EPC orders that integrate the process from planning through execution.
• We used points of differentiation such as the SEP vessel under construction and soil remediation as well as our expertise and technology in sales activities.
2. Enter new markets
• We developed a building operating system (OS) to support digital innovation in building operation and commercialized it as DX-Core.
• We used our record in technology exchanges in the field of regenerative medicine to generate a cell culturing facility project and received an order for this.
3. Pursue alliances with cross-industry players and venture firms
• We engaged in strategic M&A to acquire a local engineering company and ex- pand business in the U.S.
• We embarked on individual soil and plant projects in Vietnam and accumulated expertise in overseas business.
4. Enter new markets and diversify our revenue base
• Thanks to synergies with our LCV business, we utilized our knowledge of EPC to enter the wind farm operation business.
 56 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021ABOUT SHIMIZU ESG MANAGEMENT AT SHIMIZU MESSAGE FROM THE OFFICER SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTIONShimizu Corporate Report 2021 57