 Shinshu Wood Power biomass power plant
Began operating in July 2020 (Tomi City, Nagano Prefecture)BSP (Building Service Provider) Business
Shimizu works closely alongside customers to roll out a broad range of BSP businesses such as services for installing renewable energy power generation equipment in facilities, facility management ser- vices, and energy-saving renovation services to contribute to the advancement of zero carbon communities.
We are also pursuing renovation business based on themes such as the new normal, digital, and health. We are partnering with other divisions in pursuing high-efficiency building management business using Shimizu’s digital solutions.
Energy Business
In the energy business, Shimizu is developing businesses in power generation using diverse renewable energy sources such as solar power, biomass, and micro hydroelectric power plants, and is engaged in electric power retail distribution. In May 2021, the Ainomatadani hydroelectric power plant, our first micro hydroelec- tric plant, began operation. We will also focus on the commercial- ization of geothermal, wind power generation, and other sources of renewable energy in the future.
Our subsidiary, Smart Eco Energy, is expanding its supply range and supplying environmentally friendly green electric power to cus- tomers, construction sites, and other locations.
Ainomatadani micro hydroelectric power plant (Niikawa-gun, Toyama Prefecture)
Began operating in May 2021
PPP (Public-Private Partnership) Business
In April 2021, Shimizu established a new PPP Business Division to strengthen initiatives in the infrastructure management business. This business division bids on concession business in airports, cultural and educational facilities, and other facilities ordered by the national and local governments, with the goal of participating in the concession business by acquiring operating rights.
We are also expanding business domains in preparation for increasing privatization of infrastructure management and are also working on initiatives in the infrastructure management business such as roads and other lifestyle infrastructure, and overseas infrastructure.
       Morinomiya University of Medical Sciences (Osaka City, Osaka) Providing building management services since February 2020
ICT and Smart Business
In our ICT and smart businesses, we are using IoT and AI to provide completely new services and are also pursuing initiatives aimed at creating smart cities. We have plans for inclusive navigation that combines smartphone screens and voice navigation to improve con- venience for people with visual impairments and wheelchair users, and for the creation of smart cities and smart buildings through the use of digital twins. At present, we are rolling out inclusive nav- igation in the Muromachi district of Nihonbashi in Tokyo, and are considering introduction in public facilities, airports, and other such facilities in the future.
      Rolling out inclusive navigation in the Muromachi district of Nihonbashi (Chuo-ku, Tokyo)
We plan to enter the road maintenance and management business using imaging technologyLCV
Shimizu will create value over the lifecycle of buildings and infrastructure, energy, and
communities and improve user satisfaction to build a sustainable future based on the
business concept of LCV (Life Cycle Valuation).*1
*1 LCV (Life Cycle Valuation): Utilizing renewable energy, IoT, AI, etc. to provide comprehensive services and solutions including investment and partnership.
Mid-Term Management Plan
Contributing to the achievement of SDGs through business activitiesKey Strategies
Shimizu will create value and improve user satisfaction over the lifecycle of buildings, infrastructure, and communities by providing a diverse range of services such as energy and management and opera- tion.
1. Expand service businesses (BSP)
• Become a one-stop Building Service Provider (BSP) through facility op- erations based on equipment servicing and further expand Facilities Man- agement, Property Management, and Building Management businesses with group alliances and advanced technology
• Provide health and well-being to users through the WELL (wellness) ser- vice business
2. Expand power and concession businesses
• Expand power generation and supply of renewable energy sources
• Strengthen infrastructure concessions business for airports and roads
3. Leverage advanced technology to promote services business and create smart cities
• Create an infrastructure and facilities database, participate in new busi-
nesses using IoT and AI for cutting edge community development (voice
navigation service, location information service, etc.)
• Create smart cities by building an urban OS (Operating System)
Progress Status
Shimizu expanded business activities that create value and provided services and solutions using the themes of zero carbon, the new normal, and digital as entry points.
1. Expand facility management services
• We provided renewable energy installation services and equipment services aimed at attaining zero carbon status.
• We strengthened consulting services for WELL certification (5 properties ac- quired certification).
• We built an efficient operating system and strengthened the management struc- ture through the use of digital tools.
2. Expand business in power generation using diverse renewable energy sources and strengthened initiatives in the infrastructure management business
• We began operating 4 solar power plants, 1 hydroelectric power plant, and 1
biomass power plant.
• We expanded the electric power retail distribution business through Smart Eco
Energy, a wholly owned subsidiary of Shimizu.
• We established the new PPP Business Division and strengthened the structure
for operating the infrastructure management business and other businesses.
3. We accelerated the expansion of the ICT service business and smart cities
• We introduced a voice navigation system in the Muromachi district of Nihon- bashi, in Tokyo.
• We used the opening of the Toyosu 6-chome redevelopment project to accelerate creation of a smart city encompassing the entire Toyosu area and contributed to new community development.
    58 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021ABOUT SHIMIZU ESG MANAGEMENT AT SHIMIZU MESSAGE FROM THE OFFICER SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTIONShimizu Corporate Report 2021 59