 LUNA RING concept for generating enough solar power to meet 100% of the demand for electric power on earth (on left) and GREEN FLOAT future environmental island concept that Shimizu is working on commercializing (on right) Space Development Business
Shimizu is using the satellite position analysis technology developed through industry-academic partnerships for monitoring the ground surface, large structures, and precise location monitoring of heavy machinery and other mobile equipment. We will expand the use of this technology for other purposes in the future. We also aim to provide products that combine the technological advantages of Shimizu’s satellite position analysis technology and the synthetic aperture radar (SAR) analysis technology of Synspective Inc., a company we invested in, in 2019.
Harmony with Nature Business
In the agriculture, forestry, and fishery, and biochemical industries, Shimizu is pursuing commercialization of businesses in stable food production and supply, local agriculture and forest regener- ation, and bioplastics and other businesses that eliminate the use of fossil materials.
Shimizu is developing a solutions business aimed at resolving problems that farmers face. Such problems include a shortage of workers due to the aging population and maintaining and expand- ing growing districts. We aim to promote community-based agri- culture in Kochi Prefecture, the top prefecture in horticulture in Japan, and contribute to local communities through this business.
SHIMIZU AGRI PLUS Inc. automated garlic chive shipment preparation work (Konan City, Kochi Prefecture)
Business Investment (Start-ups)
In 2020, Shimizu established a maximum investment limit of 10 billion yen for investment in venture companies and venture funds in Japan and overseas to strengthen R&D and expand our business domains. Shimizu is partnering with the Silicon Valley Innovation Center, our activity base in the U.S., and actively investing in prom- ising Japanese and foreign venture firms. We will engage in stra- tegic open innovation activities to verify the technology and create new business models.
    Strix-α, a small SAR satellite (Synspective Inc.) Ocean Development Business
Shimizu is developing technologies for floating structures. This devel- opment is aimed at solving social issues such as a rise in ocean levels due to global warming and land shortages accompanying the concentration of populations in urban areas. We have proposed construction of Float City, a structure that floats on the ocean’s sur- face and provides a safe and comfortable living. We are combining Shimizu’s planning capabilities in building construction for housing, infrastructure, and energy-related facilities with our offshore civil engineering technical capabilities to take on the challenge of creat- ing a new market for using the space above the ocean surface.
  Category A:
Category C:
Construction business domains Category B: New Business Domains Venture capital possessing venture information in the construction area
     Visual (VR/AR/MR)
Security Mobility
Real estate tech (PM, BM)
Environment/Energy
Sensors
AI and image processing
Robotics/Drones
Venture Capital
Emerging frontiers (Ocean/Space/Other frontiers)
BIM/CIM
  Process management/ supply chain
New materials
Health &
safety management
Communication
       GREEN FLOAT II, AIP certification obtained from the NIPPON KAIJI KYOKAI (ClassNK)
Target areas for corporate venture capital investment
News Release
Investment Allowance of 10 Billion Yen Set for Active Investment in Venture Firms in Japan and Overseas https://www.shimz.co.jp/en/company/about/news-release/2020/2020012.html
Venture capital possessing venture information in the construction areaEmerging Frontier Business
Shimizu will expand the sphere of human activities from “onshore” to “offshore,” and from “earth” to “space,” while contributing to sustainable development of the earth and humankind by demonstrating the frontier spirit that has flowed continuously through our company since founding of our company by Kisuke Shimizu I. We will also engage in open innovation with start-up companies and develop businesses in areas of next-generation, innovative construction, and target expansion of the emerging frontier business.
Mid-Term Management Plan
Contributing to the achievement of SDGs through business activitiesKey Strategies
Shimizu will contribute to the sustainable development of the earth and humankind by expanding the sphere of human activities from “onshore” to “offshore,” and from “earth” to “space.”
We will contribute to global environmental protection and regional vi- talization through measures to combat climate change by co-existing in harmony with nature.
We will invest in promising venture companies as a strategic move for the next generation.
1. Expand ocean and space businesses
• Create a new market for “ocean cities of the future” and establish a one- stop business model for design, construction, and facility management
• Enter the small rocket launching business, develop businesses that utilize
satellite data, and pursue R&D on use of lunar resources, construction of lunar structures, and other uses of the moon
2. Launch environmentally innovative agri-businesses
• Further development of plant factory business with a closed farming system • Production of microalgae, a highly efficient method of producing non-an- imal proteins and fats, bioplastics (new materials derived from wood),
and other forms of petrochemical-free materials
• Utilize agricultural crop residues and revitalize local agriculture
3. Invest in next-generation construction technology and global-scale solutions
• Enter new businesses by investing in promising venture firms and culti- vating current collaborations
Progress Status
1. Ocean Development Business
• The entire company is engaged in the development of technologies for designing and building floating structures. We are currently involved in activities aimed at obtaining orders to floating structure projects in our civil engineering and engi- neering businesses.
2. Space Development Business
• We began construction of the rocket launch pad for SPACE ONE Co., Ltd., which we have invested in (scheduled for completion in fiscal 2021). We are preparing for the first rock launch.
3. Harmony with Nature Business
• We are working on agricultural projects such as strawberry production in Hokkai- do and preparing garlic chives for shipment in Kochi.
• We are pursuing commercialization of the bioplastics business and other busi- nesses that eliminate the use of fossil materials.
4. Venture Business
• We are engaging in open innovation using corporate venture capital aimed at ac- quiring next-generation construction technologies and creating new businesses.
    60 Shimizu Corporate Report 2021ABOUT SHIMIZU ESG MANAGEMENT AT SHIMIZU MESSAGE FROM THE OFFICER SHIIMIZU’S BUSINESS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DATA COLLECTIONShimizu Corporate Report 2021 61