Supporting healthy and fulfilling lifestylesSocialPopularization and promotion of Radio Exercise
Radio Exercise is a popular exercise routine which anyone can participate in anywhere, anytime.
We will continue our efforts to popularize and promote Radio Exercise in cooperation with NHK and the NPO Japan Radio-taiso Federation so that Radio Exercise will continue to benefit the health of people
throughout Japan.
Festival of 10 Million People’s Radio Exercise and Minna no Taiso (“Exercise for Everyone”)
As one of our major Radio Exercise events, we hold the Festival of 10 Million People’s Radio Exercise and Minna no Taiso at one venue every year, aiming to get 10 million people around the country to participate together in Radio Exercise through TV and radio channels.
For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, this event was held in Kurashiki City, Okayama Prefecture, on August 5, and was broadcast live nationwide over NHK’s General TV channel and Radio 1.
Radio Exercise and Minna no Taiso (“Exercise for Everyone”) Summer Tour and Special Tour
We conduct an annual Radio Exercise and Minna no Taiso (“Exercise for Everyone”) Summer Tour during the 43-day school summer vacation period from July 20 to August 31, visiting 43 venues around Japan (including the day for the Festival of 10 Million People’s Radio Exercise and Minna no Taiso (“Exercise for Everyone”)). Participating in Radio Exercise during the summer vacation is a typical summertime scene in Japan.
In addition, we run a Radio Exercise and Minna no Taiso (“Exercise for Everyone”) Special Tour every year from April to the end of October (excluding the period for the Radio Exercise and Minna no Taiso (“Exercise for Everyone”) Summer Tour), stopping at about 10 venues across the country mainly on Sundays and public holidays. These events are broadcast nationwide on NHK’s Radio 1.
   Radio Exercise and Minna no Taiso (“Exercise for Everyone”) Special Tour
Saku City, Nagano Prefecture (June 24, 2018)
Radio Exercise and Minna no Taiso (“Exercise for Everyone”) Summer Tour
Yaizu City, Shizuoka Prefecture (August 21, 2018)
All-Japan Elementary School Radio Exercise Competition
With the aim of increasing opportunities for numerous elementary school children to energetically participate in Radio Exercises and to contribute to health promotion and development of children, we hold the All-Japan Elementary School Radio Exercise Competition.
In this competition, judging is based not only on whether children are correctly performing Radio Exercise but also on whether they are enthusiastically and happily participating in Radio Exercise and their daily commitment to Radio Exercise is also taken into consideration. The winning teams are then selected and announced.
For the fifth contest we had applications from about 650 teams throughout Japan and announced the winners in October 2018 after a rigorous final judgment by Radio Exercise instructors.
For information on the gold, silver and bronze winners and other commendations, please refer to the special website below.
Special website for All-Japan Elementary School Radio Exercise Competition
https://radi-con.jp/ (in Japanese)
 Annual Report 2019 41Message from CEO About Japan Post Insurance Value Creation Corporate Governance Corporate Information Financial Statements
 Value Creation
Realizing a Sustainable Society
Provision of services utilizing a health support app
The role expected of the life insurance business is shifting from the provision of conventional services, that is, protection against illness and injury, to the provision of services for prevention of illness and injury and for maintaining and promoting health. To fulfill such a role, we intend to vigorously support health and affluent lifestyles.
As a measure for such support, we have launched the Sukoyakanpo health support app that helps people pursue health at ease. The following two menus are available free of charge.
Promotion of Kampo Platinum Life Service
We are conducting a company-wide initiative called “Kampo Platinum Life Service” to win the favor of the growing number of elderly customers by offering age-friendly services based on a sense of security and trust that has been enabled by improving contacts with all customers from the perspective of our elderly customers.
     for everyone for policyholders
Standard menu Premium menu Provision of health and medical information
   Telephone consultation service for policyholders
• Consultation on health, medicine, nursing care and childcare
• “Taxes in life” consultation
Oshiete! Karada Navi! (information website on health)
Video offering tips on nursing care
Publication of “Kampo Platinum Life Service,” an information magazine for elderly customers
Establishment of a dedicated call center for elderly customers
Efforts for simpler, easy-to-read and easy- to-understand notifications
Encouraging employees to acquire qualifications
Sponsorship of social and cultural activities
Publication of an information magazine for elderly customers
Encouraging employees
to acquire qualifications E.g.:Carefittertraining
Efforts for simpler, easy-to- read and easy-to-understand notifications
E.g.: Insurance Policy Handbook
 Provision of information contributing to enhancement of customers’ QOL
 Establishment of systems friendly to elderly customers / training of employees
 We sponsor social and cultural activities that contribute to communities, enrich culture, and protect the environment. Through sponsorship of social and cultural events, we support people’s affluent lifestyles and we also hope that the Company’s social value will be enhanced as more people become aware of our commitment to the environment and people’s well- being.
Oshiete! Karada Navi!
(information website on health)
  Examples
Special sponsorship of the Student Music Concours of Japan Special sponsorship of the NHK Symphony Orchestra Beethoven 9th Special Concert
Sponsorship of the Japan Wheelchair Tennis Association (JWTA)
JWTA wheelchair tennis trial session and skills workshop in Miyagi
42 JAPAN POST INSURANCE