Value Creation
Strengthening the Management Base
Human Resources Strategy
Progress of Medium-term Management Plan 2020
We aim to be an insurance company selected by customers, shareholders, and many other stakeholders, and our employees are the basis of our endeavors to achieve this. Our human resources management is aligned with our aim to become an “attractive company” where employees can experience job satisfaction, gratification, and motivation and thus achieve self-fulfillment.
          Key initiatives of Medium-term Management Plan 2020
FY2019/3 results
Started introduction of RPA to HR management operations
Computerization and automation of HR-related periodic reporting and operations requested from employees led to higher efficiency of the related processes at each organization
Implemented measures to foster autonomous human resources
Implemented workstyle reform across organizations
Enriched support for childrearing(Note 2) (“Platinum Kurumin” certified)
Initiatives concerning LGBT and other sexual minorities(Note 3)
(achieved “PRIDE INDEX 2018” Gold rating)
Held Kampo Sukoyaka Campaign (health promotion event)
Issues
Strengthening of measures to foster autonomous human resources
Improvements in view of the results of the Workstyle Reform Survey(Note 1)
Aim at improvement of workplace environment, workplace culture, employees’ awareness, etc.
Enhancement of female employees’ motivation for promotion and reform of the mindset of male managers
Enrichment of deployment and analysis of health data and ongoing improvement of health and productivity management
     Creation of a corporate culture where all employees can find self-fulfillment and job satisfaction
    Creation of a secure and inclusive workplace environment
Human resources development
Diversity
 Health promotion
   Notes: 1. The Workstyle Reform Survey is the Company’s proprietary questionnaire survey for all employees. The results of this anonymous awareness survey about the workplace environment, workplace culture, employees’ awareness, etc. are expressed quantitatively.
2. Certified by the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare as a company with a high level of engagement in supporting employees for childrearing.
3. Received “Gold” rating, the highest rating, of the “PRIDE INDEX” that evaluates companies’ efforts toward inclusion for LGBT and other sexual minorities.
Human resources management
We are focused on recruitment and development of human resources mindful of the importance of designing the human resources portfolio and human resources systems linked with the management philosophy and management strategy.
In order to promote the creation of inclusive workplaces where every employee is motivated, we have introduced an IT system that functions to gather and store employee data, which provide the basis for our initiatives, to enhance the efficiency of the related processes at each organization.
Going forward, we will continue our efforts to recruit excellent human resources and develop our employees so as to build an excellent human resources portfolio.
34 JAPAN POST INSURANCE
Human resources management
Human resources development
Our aim is to create an environment where every employee can make full use of his or her capabilities in order to offer customers superior services and to enhance corporate value. Our Human Resources Development Basic Policies emphasize development of people who put the customer first. We are vigorously supporting our employees so that they are motivated to bring their capabilities into full play with self-fulfillment, while always mindful of corporate social responsibility.
As well as mass training according to employees’ positions, such as training for new employees, voluntary training programs are available in order to develop their capabilities. In addition, we have measures in place for supporting employees’ self-development, including a program encouraging employees to acquire qualifications and certifications.
Through the linkage of these measures with practical training at each workplace, we are promoting effective human resources development so that “all employees can develop their talents and work with energy and vitality.”
Who we aspire to be: four orientations under the “customer first” concept
Human Resources Development Basic Policies
In order to motivate each and every employee for personal development and foster them to become human resources capable of taking action expressing the “four orientations” based on the customer first concept while implementing the PDCA cycle on a daily basis, we have a system in which OJT(Note 1), support for self- development, and Off-JT(Note 2) are linked under the Human Resources Development Basic Policies.
  Ownership
“If I don’t do it, who will?”
Challenge oriented
“Don’t fear failure and engage in business with a spirit that is willing to take on challenges.”
Speed oriented
“Conduct business with a sense of speed.”
Frontline oriented
“The Company is focused on frontline (branches and post offices), as it exists for the customer.”
 Customer first
  We shall cultivate human resources who have a self-awareness of corporate social responsibility and who place the customer first. We shall cultivate human resources who have expert capabilities and a well-rounded character.
We shall cultivate human resources who are imbued with a spirit of challenge for addressing new issues and who have the ability to get things done.
      Support for self-development
Correspondence courses
OJT
Instructor system Tutor system Skill check, etc.
Linked
Development
Off-JT
New employee training
New employee follow-up training Second-year training, Third-year training Management training
Overseas training, Overseas trainees Cross-industry exchange training
e-learning courses Linked
Encouragement program for the acquisition of qualifications and certifications
Taking the TOEIC and TOEFL (iBT) examinations, etc.
Linked
Notes:1. OJT: On-the-job training. OJT is personalized training. A superior provides the knowledge and skillset his/her subordinates need in order to do the job in the course of the daily performance of tasks.
2. Off-JT: Off-the-job training. For off-JT, away from daily tasks, personnel participate in a training program conducted by the in-house human resources development section or an external training institution and acquire the knowledge and skillset required for doing the job.
Annual Report 2019 35
 Message from CEO About Japan Post Insurance Value Creation Corporate Governance Corporate Information Financial Statements

 Value Creation
Strengthening the Management Base
Promotion of workstyle reform and diversity
Promotion of workstyle reform
     Producing results with high added value through employee development
Workstyles not bound by time or place
Companywide roll out of workstyle reform Revision of HR-related systems
Productivity improvement (policies and tools)
Reinforcement of management capabilities; Awareness reform
  Enhancement of the working environment (introduction of mobile work)
    Active participation by more diverse human resources
Promotion of expanding roles of female employees Support of the balance of work with child rearing and nursing care
Promoting employment of people with disabilities LGBT friendly
Promotion of diversity and inclusion
Promotion of Workstyle Reform
Our aim during the period covered by the Medium-term Management Plan 2020, which is the phase for “expansion and companywide roll out” of workstyle reform, is to develop human resources who can produce results with high added value through the participation of more diverse human resources and workstyles not bound by time or place. Based on the know-how we have accumulated thus far, we are rolling out workstyle reforms companywide to create a corporate culture where all employees can find self-fulfillment and job satisfaction.
Promotion of Diversity and Inclusion
To realize the policy to “create a working environment in which all employees can develop their talents and work with energy and vitality” set forth under the Management Policy, and practice the guideline “We respect human rights and create a diverse and inclusive working environment” in the Code of Conduct, we promote diversity mainly in the following four fields.
Promotion of expanding roles of female employees
In support of the careers of female employees in the medium to long term, we make all efforts to “expand the appointment of female employees to management positions” and “foster the careers of female employees.” As well as holding various training programs and seminars for female workers, we also hold a forum that facilitates their networking.
Support of the balance of work with child rearing, nursing care, etc.
In addition to establishment and enrichment of systems to support employees who are engaged in childrearing and nursing care while working, we have introduced e-learning and hold seminars to support such employees and to raise awareness of other employees in the workplace. Through these initiatives, in our efforts to help our employees achieve balance between work and childrearing, nursing care, etc., we promote the creation of workplaces where employees can work with peace of mind while being engaged in childrearing and nursing care.
Promoting employment of people with disabilities
We actively promote the employment of persons with disabilities recognizing that fairly evaluating and providing work opportunities for a diverse population is a part of our corporate social responsibility.
LGBT friendly
We promote measures to foster appropriate understanding and knowledge sharing about the LGBT community (those who are identified as “sexual minorities”) as well as their recognition and acceptance. The Company continues to create a working environment in which all employees can develop their talents regardless of their sexual orientation or gender identity, so that they can work with energy and vitality.
Health and Productivity Management
Under the Management Policy stating “We create a working environment in which all employees can develop their talents and work with energy and vitality,” we are working to maintain and promote the health of our employees and are certified as a “Health and Productivity Management Outstanding Organization” by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry.
Our initiatives to promote health and productivity management conducted in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 included enrichment of health guidance based on the results of periodic health checkups, holding of the Kampo Sukoyaka Campaign (health promotion event), Radio Exercises at all offices, and establishment of the Kampo Non-Smoking Day (22nd of every month).
Going forward, based on the concept of heath and productivity management, we will promote various initiatives to enhance employees’ vitality and productivity, which will eventually lead to improvement of performance.
Enhancement of brand image
 36 JAPAN POST INSURANCE
An attractive company that offers self- 