    Referring to「Guidance for Collaborative Value Creation」by METI.
GUNZE LIMITED
Herbis Osaka Office Tower, 2-5-25, Umeda, Kita-ku, Osaka 530-0001, Japan Tel: 81 (6) 6348-1314
Corporate Communication Department Public&Relations https://www.gunze.co.jp/
Issued July,2020
  GUNZE is selected as a constituent of SOMPO sustainability index by Sompo Asset Management Co., Ltd. “SOMPO Sustainable Management” is an investment product for pension funds and institutional investors that invests in a wide range of companies with a strong reputation for environmental, social, and corporate governance (ESGs).
    GUNZE Integrated Report 2020
 
 Founding philosophy
Striving for harmonious coexistence
with all stakeholders surrounding the company through a people-oriented approach
and a commitment to quality
Gunze is celebrating its 125th year in 2020.
Founder Tsurukichi Hatano, who was born in Ikaruga-gun, Kyoto (currently Ayabe City, Kyoto Prefecture), aimed for regional promotion through the silk industry as the local industry in Ikaruga-gun to enrich people's lives there.
Gunze Silk Manufacturing Co., Ltd. established by Tsurukichi Hatano as a silk manufacturer in Ikaruga-gun
(presently Ayabe City) in Kyoto, for the purpose of promoting the development of local industry in 1896. Since then, Gunze is evolving by flexibly responding to changes in social and economic conditions. Gunze remains committed to contributing society through adhering the founding philosophy
and striving for coexistence and co-prosperity with our stakeholders.
The company is convinced that leads to the Sustainable Development Goals "SDGs", which is based on the philosophy of "No one will be left behind."
P.23 P.25 P.27
P.29 P.30 P.31 P.33 P.34 P.35 P.37 P.38
P.34 P.35 P.37 P.38
CONTENTS
Message / Contents
Gunze Group Value Creation Story
CEO commitments Management philosophy Footprints of 124 years Value Creation Model
Business introduction and strategy growth
Introduction of business segments Strategy by business segments
Adding a materiality for CSV management
Activity report in 2019
Improving QOL
Creation of an environment with abundant greenery, with an going response to environmental issues Improvement of workplace and workstyle reform Creating a better community / society
Promoting a basic policy towards a recycling system for plastics
Looking ahead to the future
Corporate governance
Interview with external board members Internal control system
Financial strategy
Financial / non-financial information Promoting CSR activities
Business locations
Editorial policy
"Gunze Integrated Report in 2020" was compiled as a financial and non- financial information report for the Gunze Group. The report was focused on activities in FY2019 (From April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020) and some contents are included after April 2020. And the affiliation departments and job titles of the people involved are those at the time of the activity. In addition, the comprehensive and detailed information is available on our website as follows so that our stakeholders can better understand the
company.
Financial information
  P. 1
 
P. 3
 P. 5
  P. 7
P. 9
P.11 P.13 P.15
P.17
P.21  
  ● Shareholder / investor information
 https://www.gunze.co.jp/english/ir/
 
Non-financial information
 ●CSR  https://www.gunze.co.jp/english/csr/
● Corporate information
 https://www.gunze.co.jp/english/corporate/
Disclaimer
This report contains statements about the Gunze Group's future plans, strategies, performance forecasts and outlooks.
These statements are expected to be based on the facts and convictions that the company has estimated from the information currently available.
 12

 Gunze Group Value Creation Story
   Top commitment
Further customer satisfaction with CSV managem- ent Aiming to increase corporate value
 A COVIT-19 brings a perceived unpr- ecedented crisis and a new society
Japan's economy in 2019 will be negative factors such as a reactionary decrease in rush demand due
to the consumption tax hike in October, a large-sc -ale natural disaster such as East Japan typhoon
(typhoon No. 19) in the first year of Reiwa, and pro -longed US-China trade friction In addition, due to
the global spread of the new coronavirus from the beginning of 2020, the environment surrounding us has changed in a short period of time, and the future business environment remains uncertain.
An unknown infectious disease forced us to revise existing business management methods and supp
-ly chains, and the Tokyo Olympics were postpone -d for the first time in history, making it a reality
that it was thought to be impossible.
Looking back on Y2019 and Y2020 challenges
In fiscal 2019, Gunze will add value-added products that leverage our differentiated technology under
the direction of further growth and profit-focused directi on under the banner of “concentration and
concentration”, which is the key concept of the medium-term management plan “CAN 20”. In addi -tion to working to expand the market, we made positive investments for the future and worked on
capital cost management. Up to the third quarter, both plastics and apparel businesses had strong performance as a result of driving the Group's busi -ness results and getting Medical U&A Co., Ltd. as a
President of Gunze Limited Hirochi Atsushi
subsidiary, but due to the spread of new coronavir -us, each Both business divisions were forced to manage very difficult. In fiscal 2010, a new item called “CSV (Creating Shared Value) management”
was added as a pillar of our management policy. The CSV management aims to contribute to the solution of social issues through our business activ -ities. So, Gunze is proceeding with the efforts from FY2018.Then, considering the impact of the COVIT -19, Gunze believes that it is necessary to turn to the direction of business operation that looks furth -er ahead. For example, Gunze has established a stable supply system that considers BCP (Business
Continuity Plan) including development of produ -cts that combat antibacterial and sterilization, a fl -exible sales system, and a review of the supply ch -ain in terms of production, work style reforms such as working from home. Gunze would like to promote business management and consider ways to deal with this situation more proactively
and promote business operations that can contrib -ute to society even a little.
Medium and long-term initiatives to increase corporate value
Gunze entered the plastic film field as a new busin -ess in the 1960s due to the rapid growth of the
petrochemical industry and the expansion of plas -tic resin consumption. The plastic film business has grown significantly due to the rapid release of non-PVC materials, which have a low environmen
-tal impact, and the shrink film of non-PVC, which utilizes its technology. We have always been aware of our social responsibility towards the environme -nt and have worked on environmental issues. In D
-ecember 2019, we established the “Plastic Resour -ce Recycling Basic Policy”. In January 2020, as the fifth Gunze materiality, we added “Promotion of a Plastic Resource Recycling Strategy” in response to
the 12th goal of the SDGs, “responsibility to make
and use”.In February 2020, we signed the “UN Glo -bal Compact” advocated by the United Nations and registered as a participating company. At the same time, we joined the “Global Compact Networ -k Japan”, which is a local network in Japan, suppo -rted the “10 principles of the United Nations Glob -al Compact”, and responded to the demands and expectations from the times that will change drasti -cally in the future. Gunze will promote companyw -ide efforts to contribute to the realization of a sust -ainable society. Since fiscal 2019, as capital cost m -anagement, Gunze has been properly grasping our own capital cost, for mulating business plans and capital policies, reviewing business portfolio, allocating management resources, and responding
to strategically held shares.
(1) Invested capital
(2) Return on invested capital (ROIC)
(3) In addition to business management from the viewpoint of weighted average cost of capital (WACC), Gunze will also work on company-wide mind changes, such as evaluation of performance
based on capital cost against invested capital. Gunze has a strong determination to contribute to society through the supply of quality products,
operate with integrity to build strong relationships
with our customers and associates and getting a company as a society needed and develops sustain -ably with society. Gunze will strive to further enha -nce satisfaction and corporate value.
Then, in fiscal 2020, Gunze will take measures to minimize the impact of the COVIT-19 while further
strengthening our constitution and taking on the
challenge of an aggressive growth strategy.Gunze would appreciate your continued understanding and support.
    34

Gunze Group Value Creation Story
  Management Philosophy Preserved across the Gunze Group
The Gunze Group’s founding philosophy underscores a people-oriented approach, a commitment to quality, and harmonious coexistence. These three elements of Gunze’s DNA have remained central to
our business activities, and have been preserved within our management philosophy over the past 120+ years.
1976
2019
2019
 CSR調達
a circular system for
プラスチック
Basic policy towards
資源循環
  2012
ガイドライン
Gunze Group CSR Procurement Guidelines
基本方針
plastics
   ブランド憲章
12
346 5
Provide all suppliers with fair and equal trade opportunities
Select suppliers in a fair and ethical manner
Procure from suppliers in the most appropriate locations
Preserve the global environment and lessen environmental impact
Comply with all applicable laws, regulations,
and social norms
Appropriately control and strictly protect information
GUNZE proactively implements the
“3Rs + Renewable*” initiative for plastics, to reduce the amount of plastic waste and help build a society that promotes plastic resource circulation.
  1997
BRAND CHARTER
   環境憲章
A “Feeling of Comfort for
our customers”
The Brand Charter was established as the commitment of the Gunze Brand to customers and
employees.
GUNZE GROUP
 1969
社
是
ENVIRONMENTAL CHARTER AND ACTIVITY GUIDELINES
12
  COR
PORATE MOTTO
  三つの躾
 THREE DISCIPLINES
1
Contribute to society through the supply of quality products
2
Operate with integrity to build strong relationships with our customers and associates
3
Aim at global leader by utilizing youthful energy and creativity
The Gunze Group Envir -onmental Charter was established to promote healthy and sustainable
development in harmo -ny with the Earth and
society.
The Gunze Group Action Guidelines stipulate the conduct and behavior expected of Gunze as a corporate citizen.
GUNZE GROUP ACTION GUIDELINES
Chapter 1.
The role Gunze should assume
Chapter 2.
Rules that Gunze should observe in conducting its corporate activities
Chapter 3.
Matters that members of Gunze should keep in mind when conducting their work
Reduce the volume of
 The three disciplines are behaviors required to
plastics and promote the
 三つの躾は、三つの章句を
reuse and recycling of
acquire three important
plastic items.
 身につけるための行動
 character traits.
 
 ●Exchange greetings
●あいさつをする
 ●Keep your personal
Help implement effective and efficient plastic resource circulation through easy-to- classify and easy-to-recycle product design, and by aggressively using renewable raw materials.
●はきものをそろえる
   belongings in order
●そうじをする
●Participate in cleaning
Ensuring appropriate CSR procurement across our entire
supply chain.
  3
  Help reduce the use of petrochemical raw materials by developing products using bio-based materials.
         
4
Conduct appropriate management of waste and ensure that production activities have a smaller impact on the environment, so as to fulfill our responsibility as
a manufacturer.
GUNZE proactively implements the “3Rs + Renewable*” initiative for plastics,to reduce the amount of
plastic waste and help
 Founding Philosophy
Striving for harmonious coexistence
with all stakeholders surrounding the company
through a people-oriented approach and a commitment to quality.
Gunze was founded in 1896 by Tsurukichi Hatano in the district of Ikaruga (now Ayabe City), Kyoto to promote the local silkworm industry. The founder believed that each district should pursue its own policy, and wanted to achieve a harmonious coexistence and coprosperity with all stakeholders, so as to enrich the lives of local people. Thus, he adopted the name Gunze Silk Manufacturing Co., Ltd., with “Gunze” meaning the “policy of the district” in Japanese.
56
2007
C
SR基本方針
 GUNZE GROUP CSR POLICY
2 For customers 1
  3 For suppliers and business partners
4 For local communities
5 For employees 6 For the global
environment
For shareholders and investors
The CSR Policy was disclosed as its corporate commitment to
the public.
       1896
FOUNDING PHILOSOPHY
創業
 1963
THREE IMPORTANT CHARACTER
TRAITS
[Sincerity]
Sincerity means to do one’s utmost, while paying careful attention to detail, being truthful and hiding nothing, and avoiding delays and negligence. It also means to work without interruption and always keep one’s promises. All this contributes to the emergence of responsibility and courage, which lead to wisdom. This is the basis of success.
[Affection]
From affection grows a sense of compassion, which enables seeing things from the perspective of another person, avoiding disrespectable behavior, and remaining persistence and patient. All of these behaviors lead to wisdom to find the right way. It teaches us how to draw out the potential people, how to make good things happen, and how to use goods to one’s advantage.
[Modesty]
Modesty represents a sprit
of learning from others while keeping your mind open.
It is the mother of progress. Let competition be an outdated approach.
  
 Gunze Group Value Creation Story
2021
Set the health and medical-rel- ated fields that help improve the quality of life of people as the core source of growth, and have each business establish a
“one-of-a-kind” position in the
industry in its respective field through focus and concentrat- ion.
Key Concept Focus and Concentration First Phase:
FY2014 through FY2016
     Gunze’s history of 124years
Gunze has been consistently committed to resolving social issues by offering products and services tailored to the needs of the times.
The company remains establishing a “one-of-a-kind”position in its respective fields.
1930~ 1896~
1985~
2010~
  Creating new value by combining the expanding functional solutions business with the apparel and l ifestyle creation businesses
Against the backdrop of the rapid aging
of the Japanese population and increasing health consciousness, Gunze is concentra- ting on developing new products designe- d to create new value in the areas of apparel, plastic films, medical materials, and sports clubs. This is intended to help people enhance their quality of life (QOL). In the sports club business as well,
Gunze sports clubs initiated new programs in collaboration with local communities to
help lengthen healthy lifespans.
 2010 2014
2016 2017
Medical Division Established
QOL Research Institute Established Ayabe Gunze Square opened
Jeans Casual Dan Limited acquired
Gunze Medical Japan Limited established
 2018
2019 Medical U & A Limited acquired
Gunze Plastics & Engineering of Vietnam
Limited established
 In the landscaping and greening business, Gunze constructed a Gingko tree promenade along Midosuji Avenue in Osaka.
1960~
 Presenting new, enriched l
ifestyle culture through diversified apparel products and multifaceted business operations
Presenting new, enriched lifestyle culture through diversified apparel products and multifaceted business operations
As consumer preferences and purchasing patterns diversified, Gunze expanded its apparel product lineups to meet a wider range of consumer requirements. Gunze’s apparel products attracted many
loyal customers thanks to their innovative functions and fashionable appeal. At the same time, Gunze redeveloped the prem- ise of its former factory to open a comme- rcial facility. This also helped Gunze create
a new lifestyle culture in terms of both clothing and housing.
 1985
1989 1996
1998 1998
1998 2003 2007
“Tsukashin” shopping complex opened as a center to introduce new lifestyle culture
SOZ division established Gunze Museum opened
“BODYWILD” boxer brief debut sets a new trend in men’s underwear
Electronic components division established
Engineering plastic division established Tsukashin Town Create Limited Established
Gunze Engineering Limited established
    Tackling the challenge as a tech- nology-oriented company thro- ugh the development of applica- tions for new materials
In response to the rapid growth of the petrochemical industry and expanding consumption of plastics in Japan,
Gunze made a foray into the plastic
film field. Gunze started with the pro- duction of packaging films for its stoc- kings, followed by the development of shrink film tubing in 1962. Afterwards, Gunze developed various new products and technologies by using fluororesin and high-performance resin processing. This helped Gunze expand into the fields of engineering plastics and electronic components. Today, Gunze’s functional solutions business is creating new B2B solutions for a diversity of applications.
1962 Plastic film business launched
1965 Ladies' innerwear production launched
at Kurayoshi Factory
1967 Company renamed Gunze Limited
1968 Pantyhose production launched at
Ayabe Factory
1973 Landscaping and greening business
launched
1976 Gunze set up "Company motto"
1983 Engineering plastics business launched 1984
 Gunze Sports Co., Ltd. Established
 1985 Electronic components business lau- nched
Medical Development Department established
     Improving people’s lifestyles through rapid expansion of apparel products (hosiery and knitted innerwear) after the end of WWII
The development of rayon in the Un- ited States caused a substantial drop in the prices of silk. While searching for secondary processed products that could compensate for the decline in silk sales, Gunze launched the produ- ction of full-fashion silk stockings. After World War II, Gunze shifted its focus to the production of nylon sto- ckings, helping promote the spread
of stockings among Japanese women through reasonable pricing. Gunze
also started the production of knitted innerwear soon after the end of the war. In pursuit of “Golden quality for silver prices.” Gunze explored the “why” as the company sought to ensure superb quality for its products. As a result, Gunze knitted innerwear was coined “national innerwear.”
1933
1934
1946 1954
Gunze Silk Corporation established in New York
Full-fashion stocking production launched
Knitted innerwear production launched
Thread production launched at Tsuyama Factory
  Period
FY2017 through FY2021
Aggressive promotion of three pivotal strategies
Implementation of segment-specific business strategy
Creation of new business
Reinforcement of the management foundation
Products and services designed to help improve the quality of life
Life creates 12% Apparel 52%
 Second Phase:
   Establishment of a silk manufac- turing company to contribute to the local community through the development oflocal industry
When Tsurukichi Hatano, the founder of Gunze, came to know the situation of the local silk farming industry, he was determined to do his part in im- proving the structure of the industry. Aware of the urgent need to improve
the quality of Kyoto Prefecture’s silk worm cocoons and raw silk, both of which had reputations for poor quali- ty, Hatano concentrated on employee
training based on his belief that “Good people make good silk yarn,“ thereby making the production of fine-quality products possible.
1896 Gunze Silk Manufacturing Co., Ltd. established
1900 Gunze obtained a Gold medal at the Paris World's Fair
1902 Gunze entered into exclusive supply and distribution agreement with Skinner Trading Company in the U.S.
1909 Gunze started positive volume trading
1917 Gunze school for female employees established
     Silk
その他5%
織物 生糸 14% 81%
Stockings and Knitted Innerwear
その他5%
生糸 その他 95% 30%
Apparel Business
Functional Solutions Business
               生糸 26%
機能S ライフ5% 7%
アパレル ライフ9% アパレル 88% 75%
機能S
ライフ10% アパレル 53%
ライフ11% アパレル 49%
      product portfolio
Historical background
機能S 37%
機能S 40%
●Decling birthrate and ageing society ●Diversification of lifestyle and values ●Global expansion of infection
Functional solutions 36%
190N6e年t S度ales
35 480 284 1,677 22,00.3
N19e3t6S年ale度s
万円 万円 億円 億円 億円 億円 億円
1N9e8t6S年al度es
Changesin 売上高 売上高 売上高 売上高 売上高 売上高 売in上FY高2019
1966年度
2012年度
201N9e年t S度ales 1,410430.3
Sales revenue in 2021
Net Sales
1,323
150
16% 1996年度
Net Sales Net Sales
Medium-term Management Plan
「CAN 20」
 ●Expo in Paris
●Bubble economy
●Bubble eburst
●Lehman shock
●Global depression ●World War II
靴下 メリヤス肌着 19% 25%
●Post-war recovery and industrial modernization ●Rapid economic growth
billion yen
ROE 5%
 78

 Gunze Group Value Creation Story
 Gunze Group Value Creation Model
The Gunze Group remains focusing on addressing various social issues,
and working together with our customers to maintain a community rich in greenery and filled with smiling faces. By doing so,the company remains createing a better future in which all people can lead more active, enjoyable,
and healthy lives.
 Social Issues
 EnviEronment
Climate change with global warming Marine plastic pollution Clean energy
SSociety
Aging population with declining birthrates IoT and AI Cybersecurity Diversity
GovGernance
Risk management Compliance Workstyle
              Opportunities
● Products and service with  
 Gunze brand image(safety,
Sources of Gunze Group’s value creation
Human Capital
・People-oriented  approach
・“Three disciplines”   taking hold
・Diversity of talent
Gunze’s
Core Competencies
Creation of added value through combination of fiber processing, resin processing,
and surface processing technologies
Flexible, market-responsive, global production and sales systems Talent development
through a people-oriented approach Harmonious coexistence
with the environment
and local communities
Intellectual Capital
・Broad range of intellectual  properties and technologies,  from textiles to polymers
・Corporate brand loyalty
Response to opportunities
Promotion/expansion of B2C business
Natural Capital
・Environmentally friendly  products/services
・Wholesaling of plants  and trees
Social Capital
・Activities to address social  issues through collaboration  with local communities
・CSR procurement based on  harmonious coexistence  and coprosperity
Response to
risks
Globalization of B2B business
Gunze Group Value Creation Model
Safety  Security Comfort
Brand loyalty
B2B business
Functional Solutions Business
B2C business
Apparel Business Lifestyle Creation Business
People-centered products/services
Future of Gunze Group
A sustainable company that continues to offer high-quality
products
Business management aligned with
SDGs
Helping improve people’s quality of life around the world
through the supply of high-quality products
     
  security, comfort)
● High technology and quality
 ● New business creation
  (includes M & A)
● Contribute to improving QOL
    in health and medical fields
● Efforts for regional
Manufacturing Capital
・Robust production system with powerful manufacturing  expertise
・Total cost competitiveness ・IT communications
 environment
Financial Capital
・Stable financial standing ・Medium- to long-term capital
 policies
・Cost of capital-based
 management
 revitalization(Comprehensive
   cooperation agreement,
  disaster support, Corporate
   mecenat, etc.)
  
● Handling capacity for
 environmental problems ● Human resource with
   
 autonomy and challenge
Risks
● Market decline due to the
 decrease in domestic
      population
 
● Competition with competitors  in domestic and overseas   markets
● Unseasonable weather and
  
 natural disasters
● Fluctuations in investment
 and raw material prices
● Country risk in the country of
 
 securities prices, exchange rate
   
 business operation ● Information security
 
● Tightening regulations for  disposable plastic
 
 ● Operating risk inherent to the
 medical business
  
● Impact of the spread of
 
 COVID-19
 9 10

Business introduction and a strategy for growth
Introduction of business segments
             Net sales in FY2019
14,945
(11%)
140,311 56,361
(Millions of yen)
(49%)
Functional solutions
Plastic films
Development, manufacture and sale of products that are closely related to daily life, such as beverages, groceries, toiletry products, and packaging films for fresh foods such as bean sprouts and mushrooms.
Engineering plastics
Development, manufacture and sale of OA equipment such as copiers and printers, and functional parts used in manufacturing processes in all the industries.
● Transfer belt
● Fluor resin tubes
● Other fluorine products
Legwear
In order to fulfill women's desire to be beautiful, the products are developed based on both fashion and functionality approaches.
Electronic components
Development, manufacture and sale of touch panels used in various fields from personal computers, in-vehicle devices, and medical devices, and various films with enhanced functionality.
● Functional films
● Touch panels
● Contract processing
House casual
The company develops nightwear that is particular about materials and functions, and home wear that allows you to enjoy your lifestyle even more.
Engineering and energy-saving service
Utilizing know-how such as energy saving conservations and PM conservations, the company develops comprehensive management for energy saving in buildings and factories.
● ESCO business / energy saving conservations ● Solar power business
Medical materials
Development, manufacture and sale of medical devices such as bioabsorbable sutures, bioabsorbable reinforcement felts, bioabsorbable bone fixation devices, artificial dermis and bioabsorbable dura substitutes.
メMカeトchロa分tr野onics
Design, manufacture, and sell labor-saving equipment and other equipment to the packaging, printing, dairy, beverage, food processing, and pharmaceutical industries.
● Equipment for packaging and packaging ● Printing peripherals
Retails
The company has directly managed stores, outlet stores, and casual wear specialty stores.
● cocochi select by GUNZE
  69,491
(40%)
● Shrink films
● Nylon films
● Multilayer sheets
Apparel
Innerwear
● Shrink tubes ● OPP films
● Bioabsorbable reinforcement felts
● Bioabsorbable bone fixation devices
● Medical laser equipment
● Artificial dermis ● bioabsorbable
dura substitutes
       Orerating incomein FY2019
1,187
(12%)
6,746
(Millions of yen)
In response to diversifying needs, the products are developed based on various concepts.
● Men's innerwear
● Women's innerwear ● Kids innerwear
Life creates
Commercial facility and spa management
The commercial facilities built on the construction site and the site of the facility provide a comfortable space for local residents.
● Shopping center
● Operation of spa facility
Thread and accessories
The company has a wide range of products from clothing to various industrial materials, such as various sewing threads with new functions and sewing threads for sewing automobile airbags which require higher safety.
● Sewing thread for sewing materials
● Sewing thread for industrial materials ● Sewing thread for automobile materials
Sports club
As a community-based sports club, the company provides high-quality services and menus. With
the mission of "cultivating a rich mind and body through sports and supporting people's happiness," the company are developing club management nationwide.
● Sports club management
● GUNZE OUTLET
●
● Jeans / Casual Dan
  2,743
(27%)
6,120
(61%)
● Women's socks ● Men's socks
● Nightwear ● Home wear
Tuché GUNZE
● 
● Stockings
● Fashion bottom
Trion
      11
12
Functional solutions
Apparel
Life creates
Real estate development
Based on the land utilization owned by the company, the company develops real estates and leases facilities such as shopping centers, housing and office buildings.
● Real estate development ● Leasing business
Landscaping and greening
Contributing to the creation of an environment
that will lead to the future, such as "tree sales"
that supply trees and seedlings, which are the protagonists of urban development full of greenery, and "flower sales" that add color to everyday life.
● Tree sales ● Flower sales

Business introduction and a strategy for growth
  Strategy by business segment
Functional solution business
Acquire new customers through aggressive strategy such as developing cutting edge products and expanding global market.
  Recognition of current situation and challenging items
Functional solutions segment consists of five departments such as plastic films, engineering plastics,electronic component, medical and mechatronics. An overview of operations in 2019 remained consistent. Both sales and profit figures remained steady thanks to the effect of M&A
activities and the growth in competitive products in despite of semiconductor recession. However, there are big differences in the progress of each department. Gunze believes that it is necessary to take proper actions for achieving the medium-term management plan under the uncertain business environment by making additional efforts in the steady departments and taking recovery in the departments that have not achieved their goals.
  Basic policy and key initiatives
Plastic films and engineering plastics departments remain enhancing production capacity and accomplishing production framework reconfiguration to meet market needs and expand the global market. Plastic films department has also started a project for developing new environmentally friendly products and promoting a basic policy towards a circular recycling system for plastics. Medical department aims to enter a new clinical field by reinforcing a sales system, expanding sales in overseas market and obtaining regulatory approval for upcoming large-scale products.
                Representative Director and Senior Managing Executive Officer Mr. Toshiyasu Saguchi
Apparel business
Transform the business structure by increasing market responsiveness and production innovation based on consumer needs.
Net Sales,Operating Income (one million)
Net Sales
Operating Income (one million)
6,000
5,000
4,000
3,000
2,000
1,000
Operating Income
80,000
60,000
40,000
20,000
Net Sales
’15/3
’16/3
’17/3
’18/3
’19/3
Net Sales
’20/3
 Net Sales,Operating Income (one million)
Operating Income (one million)
6,000
5,000
4,000
3,000
2,000
1,000
Operating Income
Operating Income (one million)
2,000 1,500 1,000
500
 Recognition of current situation and challenging items
Innerwear business has improved its portability thanks to good sales of men's innerwear “BODY WILD” such as a high-value-added product “AIRZ” and women's innerwear “KIREI LABO” and business structure improvement of innerwear and legwear business.
Threads and accessories business have accelerated its global expansion. The impact of the COVID-19 on the apparel business is significant,
and it will be a tough start in 2020, but we will work to recover by enhancing our response to changes in consumption structure and channel structure and developing compatible products for new lifestyles.
  Basic policy and key initiatives
Regarding the core products such as innerwear and legwear,
Gunze remains focusing on women’s items and will accelerate shifting sales channel to match consumption trends. Gunze will also expand an e-commerce business.
In terms of merchandizing, Gunze remains enhancing product appeal and will develop products required by consumers who have increased health awareness for new normal. In terms of production,
Gunze remains exploiting market advantages by shifting to overseas production and specializing in cutting edge technology in domestic mother factory for increasing cost competitiveness.
  80,000
60,000
40,000
20,000
Net Sales
’15/3
’16/3
’17/3
’18/3
’19/3
’20/3
Net Sales
            Managing Executive Officer, General Manager of Apparel Company, Mr. Katsuya Anno
 Life create business
Contribute to improve QOL by supporting the creation of a better community and society.
Net Sales,Operating Income (one million)
20,000 15,000 10,000
5,000
 Recognition of current situation and challenging items
An overview of operations in 2019 remained consistent. Commercial developer business remained steady thanks to shopping center sales growth with community-based operations and leasing business sales growth with obtaining new projects. On the contrary, sales of landscaping and greening business were tougher than anticipated. Regarding sports club business, the decrease in membership has been stopped.
However, the outbreak of COVID-19 at the beginning of this year has had a major impact on BtoC businesses such as sports club business and shopping centers business and as a result their future will be uncertain.
  Basic policy and key initiatives
Commercial developer business remains improving its profitability of commercial facilities and enhancing property management with an emphasis on investment efficiency.
Sports club business is still expected to get big impact of the COVID-19, then they will work on business operations with the safety of our members and staff first.
                13
14
Director and Executive Officer, President of Gunze Development Co., Ltd. Mr. Yasuhiro Akase
Net Sales
’15/3
’16/3
’17/3
’18/3
’19/3
’20/3
Operating Income

Business introduction and a strategy for growth
 Adding a materiality
(important CSR issue) for CSV management
Gunze established the "Gunze Group Environmental Charter" in 1997 and clarified the company's attitude toward the environmental issues both inside and outside the company.
Based on the basic posture, Gunze Group has established the action plan that defines environmental issues and goals to be achieved and is actively engaged in environmental load reduction activities. Recently, the trend toward tightening regulations on disposable plastics is accelerating based on
people's interests in a marine plastic problem and a serious garbage problem in emerging countries. And companies are required to handle the problem solving by the SDGs
(Sustainable Development Goals) adopted by the United Nations in 2015. Gunze also recognized our social responsibility toward handling the marine plastic problem which is accelerating internationally as a business company
that manufactures and sells film packaging materials and
then we established "A Basic Policy towards a Circular System for Plastics" in December 2019.
Overstionaire survey fargeting stakeholders Classification of key CSR issue
Represennnative Director and Senior Managing Corporate Officer Toshiyasu Saguchi
And the challenges are needed in not only Plastic Department but also other
departments including Apparel Department. They use plastic materials in packaging and other processes and
have to reduce them. That is our entire Gunze Group issue. From now on, in order to contribute to the realization of
a sustainable society as a whole
company, Gunze newly established the "A Basic Policy towards a Circular System for Plastics" as Gunze's fifth
materiality, the same as the 12th goal of the SDGs, "Responsible Consumption
and Production". Focusing on the five
materiality, Gunze is promoting activities to solve specific problems in each business area and contribute to
the realization of a recycling-oriented society.
      15
Materiality assessment
1. QOL improvement (Contribution to health and wellness) 2. Creation of an environment with abundant greenery,
with ongoing response to environmental issues
3. Improvement of workplace environment and workstyle reform 4. Creation of a better regional community and society
The above four items were determined to be Gunze's material CSR challenges based on the classification and mapping of the issues in 2018
 Revision of Materiality
5.Enhancing a Basic Policy fowards a Circular System for Plastics
2020, Activities to combat the problem of marine plastic waste are accelerating on a global scale, and GUNZE recognizes its social responsibilities as a company engaged in the manufacture
and sale of plastic film packaging materials. These are:
Extremely important
 important
importance to Gunze Group
Extremely important
   CSV(Creating Shared Value)Goal Seting for FY2021
    Gunze's ESG ISO26000 Materiality(Material
Gunze's Main CSV Goals
●Development of high-value added medical devices (bioabsorbable products)
●Development of stress-free products(completely seamless items,CUT OFF configuration,etc.) ●Sales expansion of sports category clothing
●Presymptomatic state-related business(Preventive care,etc.) ●Sales expansion of EC business (Easy to buy)
KPI in 2021
Sales figures of QOL improvement products
CSR Challenges) Core Subjects
 1.QOL improvement
S
 (Consumer Issues)
 2. Creation of an environment with abundant greenery, with ongoing response to environmental issues
 E
(The Environment)
●Climate change countermeasures
●Waste reduction
●Expansion of environmental business
●Use of environmentally friendly raw materials
and supplie(s Organic cotton, recycled materials etc.)
CO2 emissions:
23% reduction(Compared to Y2013 BM) Total waste emissions: 12% reduction (Compared to Y2012 BM)
Sales figures of environmentally friendly products
Number of days of paid leave taken: 14 days / year
Female employee with transfer ratio: 13%
Environmental conservation
in Midosuji-Avenu
Providing underwear for children Promote having underwear classes: 10 times / year
Promote holding culture and
sports events and dispating teachers
Expand sales of pinhole resistant film which uses under freezing conditions Develop biomass plastic products
Risk Management Committee, Holding a CSR committee Number of IR support: 300 people
/ year
Utilize Global Compact Network in Japan
 3. Improvement of workplace environment and workstyle reform
●Health promotion for employees and families ●Acquisition of METI's Health and Productivity Management Organization Recognition Program(White 500) certification
●Handling COVID-19 (Includes after COVID-19, Promoting remote work, Promoting web meeting,
Improve of Suppy chain)
●Promotion of work-life balance(Promoting to take paid leave, Flexible work rules)
●Business process reform through groupware renewal (Avoiding excessive reliance on individual skills)
●Raising awareness of human rights and enhancement of diversity(Employment of people with disabilities and establishment of a support system)
S
(Labor Practices)
S
  (Human Rights)
●Empowering women at work 4. Creation of a better regional community and society
  (Community
S Involvement and Development)
●Strengthening ties with regional administrative policies and implementation of regional revitalization initiatives
●Participation in health promotion programs in regional communities ●Creation of a company open to regional communities
(factory tours,invitation to company events, festivals, etc.) ●Entering into a regional Comprehensive agreement with
Osaka Prefecture, Kyoto Prefecture and Osaka City ●Promote running Gunze' s love earth club ●Promote holding culture and sports events
 5. Enhancing Resource Circulation Strategy for Plastics
S(Consumer Issues) E(The Environment)
Others: The foundation that supp
●Development of highly functional packaging materials
(Extension of expiration dates, improvement of safety for frozen foods)
   G
(Organizational
Governance)
 S(Fair Operating Practices)
● Conversion from petroleum-derived materials to naturally-derived materials
● Circular factory construction
(Reduction of energy consumption and waste plastic)
orts GUNZE
●Sustainability Management
●Development of control enviroment for corporate ethics
and legal compliance
●IR activities(Constructive engagement with investors) ●Establishment of a risk management system
●Data security and privacy protection
●Compliance with Gunze Group Supplier Code of Conduct (Procurement of raw materials)
●Legal and regulatory compliance in business transactions and its instillation within the company
 16
 importance to stakeholders

 Activities in 2019
  QOL improvement
(Contribution to health and wellness)
Gunze would like to improve breast cancer patients’ clinical outcome.
Develop an underwear that cares for sensitive skin after surgery
  QOL Research Center / Apparel Department
 Breast cancer is a malignant tumor that forms in breasts and is increasing year by year in Japan. It’s projected that as many as 92,200 Japanese women got breast in 2019*. If you have a breast cancer, surgery includes mastectomy
to remove the entire breast and breast-conserving surge -ry to partially remove the breast. Many patients have
various problems such as difficulty in balancing the bod -y and tingling of surgical scars due to mastectomy.
Gunze remains committed to improving patients’ clinic -al outcome in collaboration with QOL Research Center, Medical Department and Apparel Department.
* Source: Cancer Statistics Forecast in 2019 by National Cancer Center.
I learned that many people are suffering from skin problems after getting breast cancer surgery. Then I decided to develop
various products under the brand "MediCure" with skin-friendly materials, hoping that you can feel more comfort during the me -dical treatment. Those products are developed by opinions from nurses and patients. Our desire is to develop the
   Develop medical devices for breast reconstruction
Medical U & A
underwear like caring for the skin and the heart.
Gentle on the skin with
no seams
Remove a product tag and prevent skin
irritation
 Medical U & A imports medical devices for breast reconstruction with the patie -nt's own fat. Instead of artificial objects such as silicone implants, the fat on the patient's thighs and abdomen is taken, processed for injection, and recreated on the excised side to resemble a healthy breast. Unlike artificial reconstruction, the patients can regain a warm, bloody breast.
QOL Research Center Mr. Susumu Ueshima (right), Ms. Asami Miyake (middle),Apparel Department Ms. Riyo Yanai (left)
Holding a breast cancer screening campaign
   17
18
Medical devices for breast reconstruction
Develop a breast reconstruction substrate to replace self-tissue
QOL Research Center / Medical Department
Corporate Communication Department, QOL Research Center, Apparel Department
Gunze held a "Let's go! Breast cancer screening" campaign in  Kyoto and Osaka in October 2019, based on the “Comprehensive Cooperation Agreement” with Kyoto and Osaka prefectures.
The reason is that the breast cancer screening rate is low in both Kyoto and Osaka compared to other prefectures.
Gunze prepared a "breast cancer palpation model" at the venue and the participants experienced the feeling of lumps of breast
there. Gunze also prepared "MediCure" products that care for the skin irritation after the surgery.
Social challenges: Improve patients’ qualityof life KPI target: Amount of sales of QOL contribution product (Medicure)
Progress rate for each year
2018 2019
25% 50%
  Gunze utilizes the tissue engineering technology that cultivated over many years to combine material technology that promotes tissue regeneration,
bioabsorbent polymer processing technology and also the cutting-edge techn -ology in medical universities.
Gunze remains committed to research and development all the time to regain the patient's own breast that has been resected for breast cancer.
QOL Research Center Ms. Saki Okumura (left),Ms. Yuki Kato (right)
A new challenge that began with a single plastic tube
Catheter treatment has become widespread throughout the world as a treatment method that reduces the burden on patients with diseases such as angina, myocar -dial infarction, and diabetes, and is expected to increase in the future. An indispensable material for manufacturin -g this catheter is an ultrafine fluororesin shrink tube.
In the engineering plastic field, in response to the develo -pment requests of domestic catheter manufacturers for several years, we have developed an ultrafine fluororesin shrink tube (EIT-SR) with tearability that can greatly impr -ove productivity in the catheter manufacturing process. did. This EIT-SR has been very well received by customers
for its customized design and tearing technology that ad -apts to customer needs cultivated through conventional OA equipment product development, and is now being adopted by almost all manufacturers in Japan. In addition to the expansion of market share, adoption by major ove -rseas manufacturers is increasing in FY2019. In addition to this catheter manufacturing tube, the market share of medical guide wires, which we started selling two years
ago, is rapidly expanding, and the resin processing techn -ology of engineering plastics is being widely expanded
to the medical field. We will continue to promote the development of new products in the field of health care and contribute to improving people's QOL.
Engineering Plastic Department Mr. Kazuki Sekiya (left), Mr. Daiki Kobayashi (right)
   Social challenges: Develop a minimally invasive treatment KPI goal: Development of health care related medical devices
Progress rate for each year
2018 2019
65% 75%
  
 Activities in 2019
 QOL improvement
(Contribution to health and wellness)
  Social challenges: Maintaining good health while refraining from going out. KPI target: Expansion of presymptomatic state-related business in sports
     
club.
Progress rate for each year
2018 2019
63% 71%
I want to make indoor shoes
that prevent the elderly from falling
Social challenges: Product development that contributes to long-term care prevention
KPI target: Number of sales of HAQCARE product
  To prevent the COVID-19
-Skin-friendly cloth mask made by an underwear manufacture-
    Contributing to the demands of society through business activities in a situation where mask
shortages are becoming more serious due to the spread of the COVID-19.In order to make a donation, Gunze worked on the development and production
of masks utilizing the technology and know-how cultivated in the manufacture of innerwear. In May 2020, the company launched the "skin-friendly cloth mask made by an underwear manufacture" that can be washed and used repeatedly. The cloth mask uses
a skin-friendly cotton-blend material that is often
used in underwear to make it more comfortable to wear. Gunze's unique elastic Cutoff® material integrates the mask with the part that hangs on your ears, making it less likely to hurt your ears. In addition, The company has adopted a three-dimensional design that fits perfectly on the unevenness of the face by utilizing the manufacturing technology of underwear.
Innerwear Division Kozaburo Ikeda (left) Fasabi Madoka Arida (right)
And because it is a skin-wearing fabric that can withstand washing, it can be washed and used repeatedly. Furthermore, it has a convenient double structure that can hold commercially available mask filters and gauze. The sale from Gunze's online store has also been well received, and it has been well received by customers who purchased it. From the end of June, we also released a cool type made of cool contact material. Regarding production, we have integrated production at domestic factories from knitting, dyeing, sewing to final finishing, and The company has started with the goal of producing 500,000 pieces per month. The company remains developing products that can contribute to the
improvement of QOL with Gunze's high technology and quality.
Progress
rate for
each year ― 70%
2018 2019
  Indoor knit shoes HAQCARE
Legwear division Kazuaki Shirotori
worked with a doctor at Shimokitazawa Hospital, the only general hospital for feet-care in Japan to develop HAQCARE, a pair of indoor knit shoes that are light, easy to wear and hard to trip over. To prevent tripping on your feet, the toes are bent appropriately, the sole measures the coefficient of friction, and the wavy shape and material are used to prevent slipping. In addition, the insole that lifts the arch of the foot holds the arch of the foot and also takes measures against flat feet. This initiative was featured in the TV program "Gaia no Yoake"
and received a great deal of attention from sales on electronic commerce sites. With further product improvements, the company remains expanding products sales through many channels and work to further contribute to improving QOL from the legwear division.
and "realizing attractive electronic commerce sites". At the Gunze Store, the company introduces products from various methods such as videos and wearing visuals. In addition, the company conveys product features in an easy-to-understand manner with high-impact numerical expressions and simple expressions aimed at specific targets. In addition, the company raises the appeal of product banners so that differences in products can be judged at a glance, and emphasizes the superiority of materials and functional features. The company remains making efforts to convey the sense of trust unique to Gunze products.
Online shop members From left: Mana Ashida, Kayoko Watanabe, Hiromi Nakajima, Naotaka Hashino, Kazunori Mikamo
As humans age, it becomes difficult to maintain balance due to deterioration of various functions such as physical strength, muscle strength and eyesight. The human gets older, the risk of falling due to these factors increases, and accidents may occur in unexpected places. In some cases, a fall may lead to hospitalization, wheelchair life or bedridden, and I thought it was very important to take measures against the danger. Therefore, the company
Expansion of online store sales for "convenient shopping anytime,
The spread of the COVID-19 has affected store sales by refraining from going out, while online shopping is growing steadily. Gunze is focusing on online sales so that it can be purchased conveniently anytime, anywhere, and is expanding its electronic commerce business by creating fans through various campaigns. In June 2019, the official app that can be used at online stores and Gunze stores was also be launched.
In response to changes in the consumption structure due to diversifying consumer needs, the company is expanding sales by taking advantage of electronic commerce by "strengthening the appeal of products"
Gunze online shop won the award at Rakuten and Yahoo!
In January 2020, Gunze Online Shop won the "Rakuten Shop of the Area 2019 Kansai Area Award", and it was the first time since it opened in April 1998. In March, the Gunze PayPay Mall store opened on Yahoo! Site. In the shopping category award, the company won the "3rd place in the inner and room wear category" for the first time. Gunze Online Shop remains striving to improve the satisfaction of many customers by providing excellent products.
  Social challenges: Easy to buy while refraining from going outKPI target: Electronic Commerce sales ratio
10% or more.
Progress 2018 2019 rate for
each year 60% 80%
 Home Exercise with Internet Video -Easy Exercise at Home-
Social challenges: Maintaining good health while refraining from going out KPI target: Expansion of presymptomatic state-related business in sports clubProgress rate for each year.Due to the spread of the COVID-19, Gunze Sports had to closed the gym, causing great inconvenience to members and school students. Under these circumstances, the company distributed "Easy exercises that you can do at home" on the internet so that everyone in stay home could spend a fulfilling time at home, relieved lack of exercise and relieved stress, and enjoyed it. The company remains distributing lesson videos on the WEB so that non-members also can be interested in exercise and will work to lead to good health.
The banner of Home Exercise
anywhere"
    19
20

 Activities in 2019
  Creating a green environment
and dealing with environmental problems
  Efforts to reduce CO2
As Japan's promise to reduce greenhouse gases after 2020, the Ministry of the Environment has set a target of 26.0% (about 1,042 million tons-CO2) in
2030 compared to 2013. This number is a very high goal compared to other countries. However,
in order to pass on the earth to the next generation, we think that we must clear this, and we are tackling technical restrictions and cost issues while accumu- lating various measures and technologies. I will.
~Gunze Green Initiatives~
At Gunze Green, we are engaged in the business of selling trees and flowering plants, and this business
itself is one of Gunze's materialities, "creating a lush environment and dealing with environmental pro- blems," which is our reward. Is connected to.
In order to reduce CO2, which is a major compone- nt of greenhouse gases that cause global warming,
it is necessary to reduce emissions and increase
the absorption and fixation of CO2 by plants.
In particular, urban greening (street trees, city parks, etc.) is important so that forests do not decrease due to urban development. Since trees store a large amount of carbon in their trunks, branches and roots, selling trees for urban greening will help curb global warming. The fixed amount of CO2 from tree sales in 2019 will be 783t (half of the dry weight of trees is carbon), and we are aiming for 873t in 2020.
Old tree in Kesennuma City, Miyagi Prefecture
We also provide training as part of our contribution to the local community. The purpose of this training is to broaden the horizons of teachers to understand society and improve their qualifications and abilities as teachers through work experience at private companies. In August 2019, we welcomed a teacher from Nagata Junior High School in Yokohama City for training. During the hottest hours of the summer afternoon, we visited the shipping areas and surro- unding farms to learn how the green supply in the city works. It seems that the trees in the park and the trees planted along the highway that you usu- ally see casually are shipped from the producers for the first time. "There is such a natural farmland in Yokohama city. I strongly wanted to tell the students that they are there and that it is a green supply base. " I would like to continue to be useful as part of local education.
Social issue: Reduction of CO2 emissions KPI target: Reduction of CO2 emissions
Progress rate for each year
2017 2019 2030(goal)
52% 86% 100%
Social issue: Reduction of CO2 emissions KPI target: Reduction of CO2 emissions
rate for each year
Progress 2018 2019
101 % 90%
 12
Conversion to low CO2 emission energy
Switch to LED
power such as nuclear power, hydraulic power, solar power, and wind power is used. No new
capital investment is required, and we are revie- wing the power supply companies that are wor- king to reduce CO2.
 We are shifting from heavy fuel oil A, which emits a large amount of CO2, to fuel oil, which emits less CO2, such as city gas, LPG, and LNG.
In addition, since electricity generated by ther- mal power emits a large amount of CO2, electr- icity generated by sources other than thermal
-26% (FY2030)
Make the city beautiful with urban greening
In response to the passionate desire to retain the descendants of Yoshino cherry tree, we started a new initiative. This is an important cherry tree that has been loved by local residents for many years because an old tree of "Yoshino cherry tree" in Kesennuma City, Miyagi Prefecture was cut down for road expansion work, but it is an old tree and difficult to transplant. Therefore, I was asked if there was any way to leave offspring. Therefore, we pro- posed grafting, and at the end of 2019, we collected grafts from old trees of "Yoshino cherry tree", took them back to the farm in Ibaraki prefecture on the same day, stored them in the refrigerator, and on April 8, 2020, 32 trees. We carried out grafting and started curing. We are carefully raising 10 seedlings with the goal of delivering them to Kesennuma next year.
   Reduction target :
34
 Efforts to save energy by updating equipment
Introducing a monito- ring system using AI in collaboration with other companies
On Saturdays and Sundays when the factory is not in operation, energy will be automatically suppressed, conditions will be prepared in advance for operation on Monday, and an AI system will be introduced to help improve other wasted energy in the factory.
We are working to save energy by updating to high-efficiency equipment. Initial investment will be required, but it will lead to energy saving by changing the model to efficient equipment.
   21
22
Training for teachers
Gunze Green Nao Shimizu (left),
Osamu Matsumoto (right), Nagata Junior High School teacher (middle)

 Activities in 2019
グンゼ統合レポート 2019
  Work environment improvement / Work style reform
Work style reform after COVID-19
    Protect myself, my family and company with telework
With the issuance of the state of emergency, many companies have begun promoting telework operations.
I have come to use web conferencing frequently both inside and outside the company, and I feel the changes in communication tools and their convenience.
Telework is not limited to the new coronavirus,and I think
it will continue to be a work style that will continue to be needed as a countermeasure against emergencies. We believe that this is not a temporary emergency
Activities for the prevention of infectious diseases
   measure, but will encourage changes in the common sense and rules of corporate Protect yourself, your family and your company with teleworksociety.
I also hope that it will be an opportunity for employees
to gather on one floor and change the "natural" of
working on time from morning to evening.
When the infection of the new coronavirus began to spread, the Tokyo branch office cooperated with the mechatronics field, which supplies disinfectant water, and introduced it promptly. We also sterilize parts that people touch, such as doorknobs. Furthermore, by promoting telework, the Tokyo
Tokyo General Affairs Division Shiaya Mimaki
 Electronic components Division Naotaka Nakata
General Affairs Division is
working to reduce contact with people by allowing only telephone responders to come to the office.
I work while sharing ideas every day on how to get closer to my usual work under the constraint of being at home. Although it is an emergency, I hope that this experience can be used for various purposes in the future.
Activities for infectious disease control
 1.Recruitments
Due to the spread of the COVID-19, face-to-face interviews have been canceled since the end of March, and all interviews are conducted online at the end of May. As a recruiter, I was worried whether it would
be possible to identify the human resources that I was looking for in a web interview,but on the contrary,
I found that I could clearly see the good points of the students. Unlike face-to-face interviews, there are some difficulties such as difficulty of taking a break and the amount of heat of the student is difficult to transfer, and it takes more time than the face-to-face because it requires a preliminary time until the interview, but the evaluation criteria become quantitative. Students also feel that the web interview speaks to Frank, so I think there are some good points. Due to the spread of COVID-19 this time, the environment for recruiting has changed significantly, but we are groping every day with the aim of responding well to this change and demonstrating better performance than ever before.
2.Employee work style
From the end of January, the company called for the travel of overseas workers and the postponement of unnecessary and unurgent travel of domestic workers overseas, and from the end of February, the company called on employees who commute by train to work
at different times. Furthermore, from the end of March, the company has promoted working from home
as a general rule. Employees working in urban areas such as Tokyo and Osaka have an attendance rate of about 30%, and I think we have almost achieved our goal of reducing contact with people by 70%. Regarding the acquisition of paid leave, there was a department that independently encouraged the acquisition of paid leave as a preventive measure against the spread of infection. With the support of my boss, taking paidleave and staggered work have become established.
[Promotion of active participation by women]
The ratio of women in career-track positions in FY
2019 is almost the same as in FY2018.
However, the weight of continuous employment around 10 years after joining the company is incre- asing year by year, and I think the key point is how women in career-track positions can continue to work. For this reason, we have conducted training for women who have been in the company for 4 to7 years in order to foster their own upward inclination and provide opportunities to have a career image so that they can balance work and private life and realize personal career advancement. It was. However, in recent years, the number of people getting married within five years
of joining the company is increasing, so we are co- nsidering training a little earlier. Support for men is indispensable for the active participation of women, and we believe that it is necessary for men as well as women to take childcare leave. Men can also take childcare leave, but I think many people are unaware of this system. I think it is our important job to convey not only the childcare leave system but also the system that employees do not know.
[Working style after COVID-19]
This time, I think that issues have become apparent, such as the fact that progress cannot be confirmed due to the decrease in communication due to working from home, making it difficult to see the results, and the bias in the division of duties contributes to inc- reased frustration. Some departments use a video conferencing system every morning to communicate
for a short time, which I think is an effective method.
I think it is necessary to continue to adopt the optimal method in the future. On the contrary, this infectious disease that caused a lot of burden is regarded as an opportunity to change the consciousness of working style, and it is used as a turning point to feel that oneself, family and company are more important, and it is various regardless of the place and time of work. I would like
to be able to flexibly respond to work styles according
to various circumstances (childcare, long-term care, illness, double-income, etc.).
Gunze action plan for act on the Promotion of Female Participation and Career Advancement in the Workplace
Social issues: Responding to changes in working styles KPI target: Number of days of paid leave taken (14 days / year)
2018 2019
Progress of
each year 94% 94%
 ●What it should be:
A fair company for men and women with a brilliant and rewarding work to fully demonstrate the power of the individual.
1. Planning period: From April 1, 2018 to March 31,  2021 (3 years)
2. Plan
Since January 15, 2015, Gunze has been certified as a "leading company for women's advancement in Osaka City".
Social challenges: Handling workstyle changes KPI target: The ratio of women in career-track positions
 Progress of each year
2018 2019
73% 77%
  FY2018 as in FY2019 as in FY2020’s Target Measures and its purpose            Indicators March 20, 2019 March 20, 2020 as in March 20,
2021
 Appeal of women's advancement promotion situation
 The ratio of women in career-track positions
Current employees
10%
10%
13%
New graduates / Career recruitment
24%
(average of between FY2016 and FY2018)
22%
(average of between FY2017 and FY2019)
38%
(average of between FY2018 and FY2020)
Increase the number of human resources who can apply for course
conversion, strengthen the human resources of general employees Number of applicants for course conversion A for general female employees
1
0
6
Develop a compatible environment by removing time barriers during childcare and long-term care
Prevention of retirement due to "unavoidable circumstances" such as spouse transfer Ratio of women in career-track positionsfor new graduate hires around 10 years of hiring*1
*1 Percentage of continuous employment
(female in career-track positions)
Percentage of continuous employment = Number of new graduate hires 9, 10, 11 years ago as of March 20 ÷Number of employees
9, 10 and 11 years agox 100
57%
50%
60%
  Men 84% (Ref.)
Men 77% (Ref.)
Prevention of career down due to life events
 Number of female managers
6
5
8
Establishing a workplace system by relieving anxiety of employees on leave and sharing work allocation and childcare environment
 Support for retention and career development by building a human network
          23
24
Human Resources Development Division Yohei Matsueda (left) Mariko Iimura (right)

 Activities in 2019
Creation of a better regional community and society
Gunze entered into a "Comprehensive Cooperation Agreement" with Osaka City
  In response to the Covid-19 epidemic, Gunze donated 100K surgical masks to medical institutions designated for specific infectious diseases in Kyoto, such as Ayabe
Municipal Hospital and Kyoto Prefectural Medical Uni- versity Hospital. The donation was based on our com- prehensive agreement with Kyoto Prefecture.In addi- tion, Gunze donated 2.5K their original masks each to both Osaka Prefecture and Osaka City. We also donated our original face shields and medical gowns to our local medical institutions. Gunze is promoting efforts to re- vitalize the region through our business activities.
Raising Ginkgo Trees in Ayabe City
Citizen-private partnership, free space and greenery foster the traditional spirit of autonomy in Osaka
The situation of ceremony
Mr. Ichiro Matsui, Mayor of Osaka City (left), Mr. Atsushi Hirochi, President of Gunze (right)
Gunze entered into a comprehensive agreement with Osaka City in March 2020. The agreement consists of 10 fields such as health/medical care, sports promotion, environment, healthy development of children and so forth. Based on the agreement, Gunze is endeavoring to revitalize the region through business activities such as "cancer awareness campaign”, "sports promotion event," "environmental conservation of Midosuji-Avenue", and "Donating underwear to children in poverty.”
1 Health / Medical: Implementation of "Cancer Awareness Campaign" at Gunze stores.
2Sports promotion: Holding sports promotion events and dispatching
instructors to the events.
3 Environment: Cooperation on environmental conservation in Midosuji-Avenue.
4 Healthy upbringing of children:Donate underwear for children(Solving issues related to child poverty and cooperating with child-rearing family support measures), Implementation of "Children's Underwear Class"
5 Safety and security of citizen's life
6 Welfare
7 Employment support / employment8 Citizen activities
9 Helping public relations of ward administration and municipal administration 10 Others, improvement of citizen services and revitalization of the area
  
Gunze entered into an “Agreement on Supply of Ginkgo Trees in Midosuji-Avenue” with Osaka City
  Gunze has been developing the community and working to enrich people through its business since its inception. Today, that spirit of autonomy is driven by active activities such as social contribution, which leads to harmonious coexistence with the local community.
Considering the enormous damage to the ginkgo trees in Midosuji-Avenue caused by Typhoon No 21
in September 2018, Gunze entered into an agreement with Osaka City.
The aim of agreement is to preserve the ginkgo trees in a healthy manner and pass them on to future generations. Gunze planted and raised ginkgo trees to prepare the donation. Gunze planted trees at the
Gunze Research Institute in Ayabe City, Kyoto Prefecture in January 2020. Through the agreement, We are endeavoring to revitalize the region through our business activities.
Contributing to maintaining the landscape of the Midosuji-Avenue ginkgo trees
     25
26
Disaster support against the Typhoon No. 19 in 2019.
Gunze received a request for support from the em- ergency disaster response alliance "SEMA" to help the
people in the area affected by the Typhoon No. 19
in October 2019. 4,010 pieces of women's and children's un- derwear were delivered to To- yononishi Elementary School, Toyonobyoin Clinic, and Obuse Town Hall. In addition, on Oct- ober 30, Gunze donated a total of 600 pieces of underwear and socks to Marumori Elementary School in Marumori Town,
Miyagi Prefecture. In the event of a disaster, Gunze will continue to donate needed goods to those affected by the disaster in an accurate and timely manner.
Gunze Green Co., Ltd. President
Mr. Yoichiro Hamamatsu
Osaka Gas Co., Ltd.
Energy and Culture Research Institute Principal Investigat- or 80th anniversary of Mido- suji-Avenue completion Business Promotion Committee Advisor
Ms. Tomoyo Kurimoto
Letters of appreciation for mask donations from Osaka and Kyoto prefectures
The ginkgo trees for Midosuji- Avenue planted in Ayabe City are carefully raised by a tree
producer who has the same aspirations as Gunze Green, and Gunze choses the one that suits Midosuji-Avenue from among the many ginkgo trees. Gunze would like to contribute to the region through the supply of ginkgo
trees to maintain the wonde- rful scenery of the ginkgo trees in Midosuji-Avenue, which is a symbol of Osaka.
In Osaka, merchants have played a leading role in pioneering the cutting edge . Midosuji-Avenue was born as it grew into the "kitchen of the world" in the early modern period and the largest city in Japan "Osaka"
in modern times. Mr. Hajime Seki, the 7th Mayor of Osaka, declares that the conditions
for citizens to live a comfortable life are "free space and greenery" and that they aim to become
a world city with Osaka’s traditional spirit of autonomy.
  Gunze donated underwear to those who were affected by the Typhoon No. 19
Social challenges: Cooperation with all stakeholders, including local communities
     
KPI Goal: Promotion to enter into comprehensive agreements with local communities
Progress of 2017 2018 each year Osaka Kyoto
Pref. Pref.
2019
Kyoto City.
ation.That idea is still being passed down, and Osaka has inherited the soil in which
the public and private sectors collaborate to create
the region, and pass on its values to the next generation.

 Activities in 2019
  Promoting a basic policy towards a recycling system for plastics
  To fulfill our responsibilities as a plastic film manufacturer
New challenges starting with printing peripherals in mechatronics department
Social challenges: Solve the environmental issues with plastics KPI target: Expanding sales of freezing-resistant pinhole films
 Progress rate by years
39% 64%
2018 2019
Do you know the type of machine called a stacker bundler that is widely used in the printing industry? This is a device that aligns (stacks) the paper discharged from the rotary press during the production
we aim to further expand them in response to the growing
awareness of
each company's
Social challenges: Responding to environmental issues with plastics
KPI Goal: Reduction of cable ties
Progress rate by years
   Expect to develop technology and improve production system against high manufacturing cost
SDGs target.
of plastic material to be disposed of after use by the customer has also been reduced by 25%, which can contribute to the reduction of the environmental load.
In addition, it also leads to cost reductions of the band material. Currently, there are about 2,000 stacker bundlers that are delivered mainly to printing manufacturers, but
Efforts for manufacturing that can recycle resources in apparel department
  Renewable resources (biomass)
process of newspapers and magazines, and puts them together in a bundle . In fact, about 95% of the stacker bundlers used in Japan are made by Gunze. By changing the width of the polypropylene band used in this machine from the current 12 mm to 9 mm, the amount of plastic material used has been reduced by 25%. The amount
   Plants grow while absorbing CO2, which has a large impact on climate change.
photosynthesis
Carbon neutral
Plants absorb CO2 generated by incineration of garbage from the atmosphere by photosynthesis and do not increase the concentration of CO2 in the atmosphere.
Corn, sugarcane, etc.
Recycling plastic
Biomass plastic
Biomass plastic
All or part of the raw materials and products will be made made of
biomass origin.
Waste plastic Reuse
Save petroleum as depleting resources
Mechatronics department
Yoshio Kasamatsu (left), Hirohiko Kimura (right)
Stacker Bundler
         Product
   Social challenges: Solve the environmental issues with plastics KPI target: Sales of products with package which made of biomass raw material
  Progress rate by years
- 20%
   Thermal recycling
Incinerate waste and use it as heat energy in manufacturing
processes, such as raw materials
Chemical recycling
Chemically decomposed, oiled, gasified, using it as raw material for furnaces
Material recycling
Recycling as a raw
material for plastic products
Gunze manufactures both apparel products and their packaging in apparel department.
Regarding the packaging, Gunze began to use a package made of 10% biomass raw material, mainly made from plant-derived organic resources at a “HOT MAGIC ADVANCE LABEL” in the fall / winter 2019 season.
The main raw material of the biomass plastics is sugarcane, which absorbs CO2 by photosynthesis at the growth stage andit can be regarded as zero (carbon neutral) when it is incinerated as waste.
社外に
In order to raise the biomass ratio in the future, Gunze will promote cost reduction and technological innovation, and collaboration with the industry so
 In the plastic business, Gunze is transforming into
a recycling-oriented business with the theme of responding to global environmental issues.
In 2020, we are working on the development and sale of botanical shrink film as a renewable resource (biomass) to realize the replacement of petroleum- derived raw materials with natural materials such as plant-derived raw materials. We also continue to reduce food loss by supplying products which can extend the expiration dates of food and improve food safety.
With the recent rise in international awareness of marine plastic issues and the aggravation of the plastic waste issues in emerging countries, the trend of tightening regulations on disposable plastics is accelerating, and the SDGs adopted by the United Nations in 2015 require a response. Gunze recognizes the social responsibilities of a business that manufactures and sells plastic film packaging materials. The company established "Basic policy towards a recycling system for plastics” in December 2019 in response to the marine plastic problem, where international efforts are accelerating. After that, Gunze announced that the "Basic policy
27 towards a recycling system for plastics” adding
“Promoting a basic policy towards a circular system for plastics” as the fifth Gunze materiality to promote company-wide efforts toward the realization of a sustainable society in January 2020. In order to
realize that, Gunze will make the core factory in the plastic department a resource recycling factory and plans to complete it in 2026. Specifically, Gunze will actively utilize renewable energy (solar power generation, use of groundwater), construct a production plant packed with the latest energy- saving technologies, construct a ZEB (Net Zero Energy Building) office, and discharge all waste plastic from the plant. That will allow the company to achieve
zero emissions and contribute to the reduction of CO2. To achieve zero emissions, the company will build a recycling center to collect, decompose, and oil the film waste generated in the production process, and use the electricity generated from that oil as fuel in the production process. In the future, the company will aim to build a recycling-oriented society by establishing a technology for separating and regenerating dissimilar multilayer films, and a technology for regenerating waste plastic collected from inside and outside the company.
as to not reduce product appeal and convenience at the time of purchasing.
Packaging made of 10% biomass raw material
2018 2019
--
 2018 2019
28

  In accordance with Gunze Activity Guidelines, Gunze pr- o actively strives to fulfill its corporate social responsibili- ties (CSR), while also aiming to become a corporate group that fulfills the needs of society and that grows su- stainably alongside society. To this end, Gunze is determ- ined to provide shareholders, potential investors, and all other stakeholders with its corporate information in an appropriate and timely manner.Gunze ensures timely and appropriate disclosure of its corporate information in conformance with the Rules on Timely Disclosure of Corporate Information by Issuers of Listed Securities
(the Timely Disclosure Rules) stipulated by the Tokyo Stock Exchange (TSE).
Gunze also proactively offers information that the Comp- any deems appropriate for release, so as to strengthen investors’ understanding of the Company (“information requiring proactive disclosure”) even if it is not subject to the criteria of TSE's Timely Disclosure Rules.
Corporate governance system
The three outside directors provide advice and recommendations
  Green business
■Active absorption and solidification of CO2
■Planting of trees and flowers ■Greening of special spaces such as artificial grounds, artificial walls, etc.
Basic policy for Corporate Governance
株主総会
指名・報酬委員会
 Apparel business
Reduce
■Use of compact packages ■Reduce waste loss by demand fore-
 casting and production management
Reuse
■Reuse of thread pipes and pans
Recycle
■ Use of recycled materials
■Promote recycling of work-in-process
Renewable
■Expand use of biomass package ■Expand use of natural fiber materials ■ Use of biodegradable fibers
■Reduce dye water resources through technology innovation
  textile waste
    Environmentally friendly materials business
■ "ChisuisheetR" for water diffusion she- et (utilizing twisted thread technology)
  Plastic business
Reduce
■Make thinner film through heterogeneous multi-layer technology
 ■ Reduce food loss through high functional film technology (Reduce packaging materials)
■ Reduce loss through production innovation Reuse
 ■Reuse of raw materials by film return technology Recycle
■Develop and popularize easy to separate products such as perforations for easy separation
    ■Develop and popularize easy to separate products such as low specific gravity products for specific gravity separation
■ Recovery of waste plastics and conversion to oil and fuel
Renewable
■ Increase ratio of plant-derived raw material
 ■Develop and use of plant-derived ink
  GUNZE
 Activities in 2019
  Looking ahead to the future -Participation in Keidanren’s "Challenge Zero"- - Challenge to innovate towards a decarbonized society -
Corporate Governance
The Gunze Group recognizes that legal and regulatory compliance is essential for meeting our basic management policy of sustainably boosting corporate value. Furthermore, we consider improvem- ent of shareholder value to be one of our most important management objectives. Accordingly, we strive for swift decision-making and timely and appropriate disclosure of corporate information, so
as to improve transparency of management. To achieve this, the Gunze Group strives to build sou- nd relationships with our stakeholders and strengthen and upgrade its internal control functions as a way to enhance our corporate governance.
In December 2019, Gunze set the “Basic Policy for Plastic Resource Circulation” and clarified the 12th goal of the SDGs, "RESPONSIBLE CONSUMPTION AND PRODUCTION." At the moment, our efforts are centered on the plastics business, but we will expand our efforts to the apparel business and promote it throughout the Gunze Group
in the future. The challenging items are to reduce the amount of plastic and apparel textile waste discharged in
the manufacturing process to the utmost limit by accurately forecasting and optimizing design, and to reuse resources such as re-oiling and re-pelletizing waste plastic. Furthermore, we will reduce our environmental impact by replacing petroleum-derived raw materials with natural materials such as plant-derived raw materials, as well as reducing weights by thinning the film and making packages more compact. Through these challenges, the resources used in both industries will be circulated as much as possible, and CO2 emissions will be significantly reduced. In addition,
we will contribute to the realization of zero emissions * by promoting the active absorption and solidification of CO2
by expanding our green business and environmental materials business. Gunze is participated in the project "Challenge Zero (Challenge Net Zero Carbon Innovation)" led by the Japan Business Federation (Keidanren) in 2020. “Challenge Zero” is an activity in which companies and organizations are challenged to boldly innovate new technologies and implement them towards the realization of a decarbonized society in line with the goal of the Paris Agreement which is an international framework for measures against climate change.
Through deploying innovative technologies with the goal of 2050, we will further deepen business collaboration and take on the challenge of major initiatives towards “Challenge Zero”.
* Zero emission: A resource-recycling social system that does not generate any waste by effectively using all kinds of waste as raw material
■ Technology development ■
Corporate governance system
Basic policy for information disclosure
    選任・解任
経営 監視
選任・解任
監査役会
選任・解任 連携
会計 会計監査 監査
人
 取締役会
監査 答申・提案 諮問
        連携
業務監査室
内部監査
監査
 代表取締役 経営執行会議
統制 監視
報告
   各カンパニー・事業部・ 本社機能部・関係会社
   Management system
at the Board of Directors from an outside professional knowledge and experience and a fair and objective standpoint, and exchange opinions on management with top management and directors.
It contributes to the effective functioning of corporate governance.
Company auditors, board of company auditors
The board of corporate auditors consists of four corporate auditors, including two outside corporate auditors. Corporate auditors perform management monitoring functions by attending important meetings such as the board of directors and the exe- cutive committee, auditing the company's business departments and management departments, and investigating domestic and overseas subsidiaries.
Internal system for timely disclosure of company information
Gunze recognizes the importance of compliance in order to rea- lize the basic management policy of continuously improving corporate value, and through prompt decision-making and timely and appropriate information disclosure in response to the social and economic environment. The company remains improving the soundness and transparency of management.
  Contribute to CO2 reduction with zero emissions through resource reduction, resource recycling, and absorption and solidification
Gunze is a company with a board of corporate auditors. The current management structure is eight directors (including two women), including three outside directors. In addition, the company has introduced an executive officer system to swiftly make decisions and strengthen the business execution system, and has appointed 18 executive officers, including five who also serve as direc- tors. The term of office of directors and executive officers is one year in order to clarify management responsibilities and establish a management system that can respond quickly to changes in the business environment. As a rule, the board of directors meets once a month to make dec- isions on important matters related to business execution, laws and regulations, and matters stipulated in the articles of incorporation, and supervise the status of execution
of duties by directors. At the same time, a management executive meeting consisting of representative directors, directors with roles, directors in charge by function, and eight executive officers will be held (held 24 times in the fiscal year ending March 2020) to discuss important mat- ters related to business execution. The company remains doing this to speed up decision making. (As of July 2020)
              GUNZE
                   
Challenges for the realization of a sustainable society
                 29
30
 Innovation

 Interview with an external board members
Thinking about Gunze's corporate governance
External board members: Ms. Hiroe Nakai and Mr. Osamu Kujiraoka
Lastly, please tell us about the news of Gunze in 2019 from an outside perspective.
Nakai:From the consumer's point of view, I think e-commerce has improved significantly. I think it was dramatically easier to use in FY2019. But I think there is still room for development, such as improving the usability of the official app and the time to delivery, I also think that the “Chondroveil” released from the medical division can be very promising.
Kujiraoka: I used to work in the medical market, but I didn't think Gunze had such potential in the medical market. I also think that the M & A of Medical U & A has big potential. I had an opportunity to visit the R & D department and QOL research institute in Ayabe and talked about each research site and I felt high potential on those sites. Personally, as an initiative unique to the manufacturing industry, the company is advancing product development from niche markets and responding to various risks such as
production capacity and material procurement, which is very fresh for me who has never had such an idea.
    What do you think the role of corporate governance is?
Nakai:As a company grows larger, it becomes difficult to monitor and supervise it, so I think that corporate governance is a system that spreads the corporate philosophy to every corner and how to supervise it.
Kujiraoka: I think that corporate governance is a promise and policy for employees working in a company to work comfortably and happily. On the other hand, in reality, it is often the case that decisions alone do not work well. So, I think it
will become important that the backbone of a company such as corporate culture and traditions
Are there any differences or uniqueness in Gunze's governance system compare to other companies?
Nakai:Gunze’s employees are quite sober people and do what they need to do. For example, they act in good faith adhere to the corporate governance code. I also think the difference from other companies is that employees strive to keep their promises. There’re some differences, but overall, I think they are working very disciplined.
Kujiraoka:It overlaps with Ms. Nakai's story, but when compared to the media-related company
I belonged to before, I feel that Gunze’s employees keep their promises. When I visited Fukushima Plastics (Motomiya City, Fukushima Prefecture), they used post-it notes well to post various data on the wall, and made efforts to ensure commitments and rules for work processes. I was very impressed by that. However, I also heard that many manufacturing sites are making similar efforts. Compared to the media companies I was involved with, I was surprised to see the discipline of the manufacturing industry, which is to keep promises thoroughly. I also feel that Gunze's uniqueness lies in the three disciplines of greeting, arranging shoes, and cleaning, and the spirit of
our founding, which we should keep.
External board member: Ms. Hiroe Nakai
What is your viewpoint about the management as an external board member, which is different from that of internal board members?
Nakai:What I place particular importance on is
to prevent "Common sense in the company is insane in the world" by bridging the gap between a society and us in response to current social movements. Also, from the perspective of what
to do when looking at the "future" from the efforts that tend to be short-sighted by looking only at the "now", such as how far to raise the latest numbers and what to do this month. I am paying attention to whether I can carry out my daily work. In other words, I try to send a new wind from an outside perspective and talk over a long span of "future".
Kujiraoka:I have only one year of experience with Gunze, so I always have a fresh experience. In other word, I believe that not knowing Gunze well is one of my strong point. What has become commonplace in my experience so far may be new to Gunze, so I would like to provide this kind of information. In my experiences at media-related companies have played the role of “connecting”, so I would like to work on it in Gunze as well.
On the contrary, what is commonplace in Gunze
is surprising to me, and I feel that it is worth it now. For example, the "morning songs" are sung every morning in Gunze differs depending on the day
of the week. Also, Gunze’s content of the company song is so sophisticated. If Gunze participated in
a company song contest "We are proud of our company song" sponsored by a newspaper
company, the company could get the highest award. I was also very surprised that things started with "company advocacy" before the meeting was started at the board of directors. New companies, such as start-ups, are unlikely to come up with, or even come up with. I think this kind
of corporate culture is very important when considering governance, but I feel that many of our employees have become commonplace and are not aware of its appeal effect.
How effective the monitoring and supervision functions of external board members are?
Nakai:It's hard to say whether it's useful, but I think it's useful for me. I think it is good to receive opinions from various perspectives and make management decisions under the condition that the eyes of a third party are always on the lookout.
On the other hand, if the company says that many external board members are needed in normal times, I think they are not so necessary. At the board meeting in a TV drama, I see a setting where there are quite a few people from one end of the screen to the other, but I asked, "Is it really working with such a large number of people?".
I think that a sound board of directors has the right number of people and the right discussions, and I think that the number of external board members should be less than half. However, if the company goes out of control, a majority will be needed.
Kujiraoka: I have experienced several external board members at media-related companies,
but their board members consisted of internal personnel only and I doubted that system played a role in monitoring and checking. External board members are necessary to fulfill the checking function, and I think they must play that role in order to ensure the transparency of the company. However, I hear that the number of external board members taking on the role of chairman is increasing recently in some companies. However, in my case, I feel a rudimentary surprise at the actual site, so I think it would be good if the organization can exchange information outside the company with the people who are executing the business inside the company. I feel that it is not necessary for the majority of external board members to occupy.
Please tell us your opinion about setting up a whistleblower window outside the company from 2020.
Nakai:I’m in charge of whistleblowing window in another company. I think that the person in charge of labor section is suitable for making a small report, but in the case of serious content, even if you receive a report, it will not be unreasonable
or disadvantageous. I think it makes sense to set up a reliable contact point outside that can properly protect the whistleblower. The company must communicate with the external window based on a relationship of trust, operate it properly, and make it effective.
Kujiraoka: I think that the installation itself will lead to the credibility of the company. I think that some people ask whether it is used frequently, but basically it is an era when the corporate attitude to have such a mechanism. So I think that such efforts are positively evaluated.
External board member: Mr. Osamu Kujiraoka
      Activities in 2019
 31 32

 Activities in 2019
Internal control system
Strengthen the risk management system
Continuing from 2018, Gunze has strengthened the risk management system for work style reform, governance of overseas subsidiaries, protection of personal information and compliance in medical department as a priority risk management area. Regarding the response to COVID-19, Gunze discu- ssed the issues at the risk management committee and established a response policy. After that perso- nnel department decided an action plan according the policy and instructed appropriate measures to all the departments. As a result, the company has
been able to operate the business without causing major problems. For example, the company has been promoting a working from home before the government's declaration of emergency.Besides, the company is working to prevent similar incidents by sharing problems which risks have become a reality at the risk management committee, Also the com- pany conducts fine-tuned correspondence and trains for related departments.
Cases of discussion of the risk management committe in FY2019(Cases/FY)
Financial strategy
Gunze’s Cost of Capital-based Management
Gunze adds the perspectives of invested capital, return on invested capital and weighted average capital cost to business management. And also considers the performance of each business department as an economic value added based on the cost of capital for invested capital at the first year of cost of capital management in fiscal 2019. Then Gunze has introduced evaluation based on indicators as a GVA (Gunze Value Added) and has been changed members mindset. GVA in fiscal 2019 was a deficit of 1.6 billion yen for the entire group, but it improved by 300 million yen from the previous year. In 13 business departments, only 6 business departments achieved profitability, but 7 business departments were able to improve the performance. And the other group priority indicator ROE (return on equity) is still low, but it’s improving every year. Originally, FY2020 was the final year of the second phase of CAN20 (FY2017-FY2020), and we would draw up the next medium-term management plan. However, due to the large impact of COVID-19, we have decided to freeze planning and postpone the goal of medium-term management plan by one year. After that, we will be focusing on handling the issue.
In the next medium-term management plan, we would like to recreate the roadmap for GVA to be profitable and achieve an
ROE that exceeds the cost of shareholders' equity.
   1 4 3 2 3 4 1 2
20
Cases of in-house whistle blowing(Cases/FY)
1 2
2 6
4 7 0 2 0 3 2 6 0 1 0 2
9 29
Director and Corporate Officer
General Manager, Finance & Accounting Department Makoto Kumada
    Consumer issue
 Legal compliance
 Contract risk
 Natural disaster
 others
  Total
  Cases FY2018 FY2019
 Workplace relationships
Sexual harassment
Power harassment
others
44 00 67 93
19 14
CAN20 2nd Phase
FY2017
        33
34
Response to reporting and whistleblowing
- Double tracking of reporting contact (Establishment of third parties outside the company)
Gunze has set up the "Anything Consultation Hotline" as an in-house whistleblowing contact under the direct control of the president. The company responds to consultations carefully in accordance with company regulations, taking into consideration the privacy of the recipient and related parties, and the number of consultations was gradually declined compare to the previous year.
Furthermore, in addition to the establishment of internal whistleblowing contact, the company appointed a specialist attorney and started operation with the attorney as the contact point from April 1, 2020, Regarding reports to the third-party window, the company has also created a mechanism to deal with more serious fraud which can be judged to be officers or the entire company. Those incidents can be reported directly from lawyers to corporate auditors. The company remains taking risk mitigation measures, including the enhancement of the whistleblowing system.
Cases 2019 Happend 2019 Prevented Total
Personal information
Trade secret,IP
Compliance,Harassment
Total
FY2016
FY2018
FY2019
FY2020
FY2021
BM
   Cost of Capital-based Management: Main Points
1 Increase business interests
We will work to increase business interests through activities related to our core business operations, such as promoting sales and reducing costs.
 2 Lower WACC
We will work to reduce the cost
of shareholder’s equity by strengthening investor relations and enhancing corporate governance.We also intend to reduce WACC(Weighted Average Cost of Capital) through appropriate debt management
3and financing.
Reduce inversted capital
We will strive to improve cash flow by selling or disposing of unused assets and compressing accounts receivable and
inventories.As for strategic shareholding, by the end of
March 2021 we intend to reduce cross-held shares by 30% in monetary terms from the level
at the end of March 2018. We will do this by taking into consideration dividends, contributions to profits, and the cost of share ownership.
Invested Capital
Business Interest
Weighted Average Cost of Capital (WACC)
     Sales Revenue
Cost
& Expenses
Tax
   Net Operating Profit after Tax(NOPAT) +Dividend
Cost of Capital
 (Gunze Value Added)
GVA
 
  Activities in 2019
Financial/ Non-financial Highlights
 Consolidated Financial Highlights
Non-financial Highlights
CO2 emissions(Consolidated Japan only)
  Net sales
(Millions of yen)
160,000
140,000 120,000 100,000
80,000 60,000 40,000 20,000
Orerating income
(Millions of yen)
7,000 6,000 5,000 4,000 3,000 2,000 1,000
Total amount of industrial waste generated(Consolidated Japan only)
140,311
6,746
(t-co 2 ) 120,000
100,000 80,000 60,000 40,000 20,000
(t) 12,000
10,000 8,000 6,000 4,000 2,000
                        0 ’16/3 ’17/3 ’18/3 ’19/3 ’20/3
0 ’16/3 ’17/3 ’18/3 ’19/3 ’20/3
0 ’16/3 ’17/3 ’18/3 ’19/3 ’20/3
0 ’16/3 ’17/3 ’18/3 ’19/3 ’20/3
84,975
7,671
   Ordinary income
(Millions of yen)
8,000 7,000 6,000 5,000 4,000 3,000 2,000 1,000
Total assets / ROA
(Consolidated)
(人) 10,000
8,000 6,000 4,000 2,000
6,185
(%) (%) 70 3.0
60 2.5
50 2.0
40 1.5 30
20 1.0
10 0.5
■Net sales
Functional solution Apparel
Life create
Net income attributable to owner of the parent / ROE
■ Orerating income
Functional solution Apparel
Life create
Post-retirement reemployment rate
Employment rate of people with disabilities
     6,868
4.5 3.5 2.5 1.5 0.5
0 -0.5
ROE
2,727
200,000 150,000 100,000
4.0 3.0 2.0 1.0
ROA
(Millions of yen)
4,500 3,500 2,500 1,500
500 0
4,387(%) (Millions of yen)
(%)
Number of employees
     166,633
            0 ’16/3 ’17/3 ’18/3 ’19/3 ’20/3
Average number of days of paid leave taken
0 ’16/3 ’17/3 ’18/3 ’19/3 ’20/3
Female manager ratio
0 ’16/3 ’17/3 ’18/3 ’19/3 ’20/3
Number of occupational accidents(Consolidated)
       0 ’16/3 ’173 ’18/3 ’19/3 ’20/3
Capital expenditure/ Depreciation
■Net income R&D expences
(Millions of yen)
4,000 3,000 2,000 1,000
■Total assets ※
30 4 1.0 20
41
’16/3 ’17/3 ’18/3 ’19/3 ’20/3
Average years of service
19.0
’16/3 ’17/3 ’18/3 ’19/3 ’20/3
        (Millions of yen)
10,000 8,000 6,000 4,000 2,000
6,502 5,380
(yen)
120 100
(%) 115 60
50
Number of employees taking
childcare and nursing care leave
Number of people who have acquired shorter working hours for childcare
-500
-1,500 ’16/3 ’17/3 ’18/3 ’19/3 ’20/3 -1.5
50,000
0 ’16/3 ’173 ’18/3 ’19/3 ’20/3 0
(日) 14
12 10 8
6
12.8
(%) (件) 3.0 50
2.5 40
2.0
Amount of a dividend per share/Dividend payout ratio
10 000
2
0.5
’16/3 ’17/3 ’18/3 ’19/3 ’20/3
’16/3 ’17/3 ’18/3 ’19/3 ’20/3
1.5
     (人)
80 40 30 80 25 20.7
(人) (年)
                35
36
60 30 20 40 20
60
59 20 15
20 10
00000000
’16/3 ’17/3 ’18/3 ’19/3 ’20/3
■Capital expenditure ■Depreciation
’16/3 ’17/3 ’18/3 ’19/3 ’20/3 ’16/3 ’17/3 ’18/3 ’19/3 ’20/3
’16/3 ’17/3 ’18/3 ’19/3 ’20/3
■childcare leave ■nursing care leave
’16/3 ’17/3 ’18/3 ’19/3 ’20/3
※In line with the reverse stock split dated October 1, 2017, the dividend per share prior to March 2017 was converted.
■Amount of a dividend per share Dividend payout ratio
■Male
■Female
10
10
11 40
20 5

Activities in 2019
 CSR Promotion System
From FY2017, Gunze has established three commi-ttees, CSR Committee, Work Style Reform Committee and Risk Management Committee, as companywide initiatives. The "CSR Committee" brings toge ther wisdom from a variety of positions and multifaceted angles, evolving CSR activities that had been centered on dedicated organizations to activities that themselves lead to social responsibility, and the Gunze Group as a whole working on CSR activities. The "Working Style Reform committee" will actively promote diversity promotion including promotion of female to play active part and also work efficiently in response to worklife balance, including the improvement of IT environment. The "Risk Management Committee" chaired by board of compliance committee members and managers of corporate department as members, and shares information on risk matters throughout the group, and consider measures to prevent occurrence. By organically linking these committees, we will thoroughly implement a governance system as a company trusted by society. In addition, as a special committee, environment, product liability, IT security, quality assurance and medical ethics are established, and risk management which each technical committee is in charge is carried out flexibly. CSR Committee will 株be主th総e o会rganization that ultimately shares companywide, deliberating and managing high-priority risks. The Group's CSR promotion system is as follows.
  取締役会 監査役会 社長
      なんでも相談ホットライン 部門CSR委員会
事業部門・本社機能部門の推進体制 CSR委員・CSR部門責任者・CSR推進リーダー
働き方改革委員会
●長時間労働の是正 ●ダイバーシティの推進 ●ワークライフバランスの充実
CSR委員会
●社会的課題を事業活動を通じて  解決する戦略的CSRCSRの実践 ●CSRに関する基本方針の審議・決定
業務鑑査室 CSR監査
リスクマネジメント委員会
●リスクマネジメントの徹底
    Awards for excellent CSR activities
Group has set up CSR promotion committees by business site and is promoting CSR activities. By awarding the activities of each location every year, the company praises its activity and shares them with others to revitalize our CSR activities.
The 1st prize winner was selected by its efforts to foster a sense of unity among members and social contribution activities.The following are the sites that received the awards in 2019.
Manufacturing site                 Office & Service site
  37
1st Prize: Medical Division...74points
2nd Prize: Tohoku Gunze...72points
3rd Prize: Ayabe Engineering Plastics...69points
1st Prize: Gunze Yamanashi Distribution Center ...81points
2nd Prize: R & D Center (Kyoto)...80points
3rd Prize: Gunze Utsunomiya Distribution Center ...77points
 JAPAN NETWORK
   Main Factories and
Subsidiaries
 
●Functional solutions ●Apparel
1 Osaka Head Office(kita-ku,Osaka)
2 Resistered Head Office(Ayabe-shi,Kyoto)
3 Tokyo Office(Chuo-ku,Tokyo)
4 Miyazu Factory(Innerwear:Miyazu-shi,Kyoto)
5 Yanase Factory(Innerwear:Asago-shi,Hyogo)
6 Tohoku GunzeCo.Ltd.(Innerwear:Sagae-shi,Yamagata)
7 Kyusyu GunzeCo.Ltd.(Legwear:Kobayashi-shi,Miyazaki)
8 Moriyama Factory (Plasti c Films:Moriyama-shi,Shiga)
9 KonanFactory(EngineeringPlastics:Konan-shi,Aichi)
10 KameokaFactory(electronicComponents:Kameoka-shi,Kyoto)
11 AyabeFactory(MedicalMaterials:Ayabe-shi,Kyoto)
5 11 4
12
6
3 8 9 10
   7
GLOBAL NETWORK
   Main Factories and
Subsidiaries
GUNZE INTERNATIONAL HONG KONG,Ltd. 郡是医療器材(深圳)有限公司 GUNZE MEDICAL
東莞冠智電子有限公司 揚郡光電(廣州)有限公司
●Functional solutions ●Apparel ●Life creates 大連坤姿時装有限公司
HONG KONG CO.,LTD. 郡是工程塑材(香港)有限公司
     山東冠世針織有限公司
     済南冠世時装有限公司
     山東冠世時装加工有限公司
     北京愛慕郡是服飾有限公司
             上海郡是新塑材有限公司
             上海郡是新包装有限公司
郡是(上海)商貿有限公司 上海郡是通虹繊維有限公司 郡是(上海)国際貿易有限公司 常熟郡是輔料有限公司 太倉郡是新材料有限公司
台湾郡是股份有限公司
Company Outline
     GUNZE INTERNATIONAL
EUROPE GmbH Gunze Hanoi Co.,Ltd
Gunze(Vietnam)CO., Ltd.
GUNZE Plastics&Engineering of Vietnam CO,Ltd.
Gunze United Limited
Thai Gunze Co., Ltd.
Gunze Sports (Cambodia)CO., Ltd.
PT.Gunze Socks Indonesia PT.Gunze Indonesia
PT. RICKY GUNZE
GUNZE LIMITED
Established: August 10, 1896 Capital: 26,071 million yen
Employees:
Gunze Limited (non-consolidated): 1,743, Gunze Group (consolidated): 6,185
GUNZE Plastics&Engineering Corporation of America
GUNZE Electronics USA Corporation
GUNZE INTERNATIONAL USA,INC.
   Registered Head Office:
Osaka
Head Office:
Tokyo Office:
1 Zeze, Aono-cho, Ayabe-shi, Kyoto 623-8511, Japan
Herbis Osaka Office Tower, 2-5-25, Umeda, Kita-ku, Osaka 530-0001, Japan Tel: 81 (6) 6348-1313
Gunze Nihonbashi Bldg., 2-10-4 Nihonbashi, Chuo-ku, Tokyo 103-0027, Japan Tel: 81 (3) 3276-8710 
38
 