Activities in 2019
  QOL improvement
(Contribution to health and wellness)
Gunze would like to improve breast cancer patients’ clinical outcome.
Develop an underwear that cares for sensitive skin after surgery
 QOL Research Center / Apparel Department
 Breast cancer is a malignant tumor that forms in breasts and is increasing year by year in Japan. It’s projected that as many as 92,200 Japanese women got breast in 2019*. If you have a breast cancer, surgery includes mastectomy
to remove the entire breast and breast-conserving surge -ry to partially remove the breast. Many patients have
various problems such as difficulty in balancing the bod -y and tingling of surgical scars due to mastectomy.
Gunze remains committed to improving patients’ clinic -al outcome in collaboration with QOL Research Center, Medical Department and Apparel Department.
* Source: Cancer Statistics Forecast in 2019 by National Cancer Center.
I learned that many people are suffering from skin problems after getting breast cancer surgery. Then I decided to develop
various products under the brand "MediCure" with skin-friendly materials, hoping that you can feel more comfort during the me -dical treatment. Those products are developed by opinions from nurses and patients. Our desire is to develop the
   Develop medical devices for breast reconstruction
Medical U & A
underwear like caring for the skin and the heart.
Gentle on the skin with
no seams
Remove a product tag and prevent skin
irritationMedical U & A imports medical devices for breast reconstruction with the patie -nt's own fat. Instead of artificial objects such as silicone implants, the fat on the patient's thighs and abdomen is taken, processed for injection, and recreated on the excised side to resemble a healthy breast. Unlike artificial reconstruction, the patients can regain a warm, bloody breast.
QOL Research Center Mr. Susumu Ueshima (right), Ms. Asami Miyake (middle),Apparel Department Ms. Riyo Yanai (left)
Holding a breast cancer screening campaign
  17
18
Medical devices for breast reconstruction
Develop a breast reconstruction substrate to replace self-tissue
QOL Research Center / Medical Department
Corporate Communication Department, QOL Research Center, Apparel Department
Gunze held a "Let's go! Breast cancer screening" campaign in  Kyoto and Osaka in October 2019, based on the “Comprehensive Cooperation Agreement” with Kyoto and Osaka prefectures.
The reason is that the breast cancer screening rate is low in both Kyoto and Osaka compared to other prefectures.
Gunze prepared a "breast cancer palpation model" at the venue and the participants experienced the feeling of lumps of breast
there. Gunze also prepared "MediCure" products that care for the skin irritation after the surgery.
Social challenges: Improve patients’ qualityof life KPI target: Amount of sales of QOL contribution product (Medicure)
Progress rate for each year
2018 2019
25% 50%
 Gunze utilizes the tissue engineering technology that cultivated over many years to combine material technology that promotes tissue regeneration,
bioabsorbent polymer processing technology and also the cutting-edge techn -ology in medical universities.
Gunze remains committed to research and development all the time to regain the patient's own breast that has been resected for breast cancer.
QOL Research Center Ms. Saki Okumura (left),Ms. Yuki Kato (right)
A new challenge that began with a single plastic tube
Catheter treatment has become widespread throughout the world as a treatment method that reduces the burden on patients with diseases such as angina, myocar -dial infarction, and diabetes, and is expected to increase in the future. An indispensable material for manufacturin -g this catheter is an ultrafine fluororesin shrink tube.
In the engineering plastic field, in response to the develo -pment requests of domestic catheter manufacturers for several years, we have developed an ultrafine fluororesin shrink tube (EIT-SR) with tearability that can greatly impr -ove productivity in the catheter manufacturing process. did. This EIT-SR has been very well received by customers
for its customized design and tearing technology that ad -apts to customer needs cultivated through conventional OA equipment product development, and is now being adopted by almost all manufacturers in Japan. In addition to the expansion of market share, adoption by major ove -rseas manufacturers is increasing in FY2019. In addition to this catheter manufacturing tube, the market share of medical guide wires, which we started selling two years
ago, is rapidly expanding, and the resin processing techn -ology of engineering plastics is being widely expanded
to the medical field. We will continue to promote the development of new products in the field of health care and contribute to improving people's QOL.
Engineering Plastic Department Mr. Kazuki Sekiya (left), Mr. Daiki Kobayashi (right)
   Social challenges: Develop a minimally invasive treatment KPI goal: Development of health care related medical devices
Progress rate for each year
2018 2019
65% 75%
  
 Activities in 2019
 QOL improvement
(Contribution to health and wellness)
  Social challenges: Maintaining good health while refraining from going out. KPI target: Expansion of presymptomatic state-related business in sports
     
club.
Progress rate for each year
2018 2019
63% 71%
I want to make indoor shoes
that prevent the elderly from falling
Social challenges: Product development that contributes to long-term care prevention
KPI target: Number of sales of HAQCARE product
 To prevent the COVID-19
-Skin-friendly cloth mask made by an underwear manufacture-
    Contributing to the demands of society through business activities in a situation where mask
shortages are becoming more serious due to the spread of the COVID-19.In order to make a donation, Gunze worked on the development and production
of masks utilizing the technology and know-how cultivated in the manufacture of innerwear. In May 2020, the company launched the "skin-friendly cloth mask made by an underwear manufacture" that can be washed and used repeatedly. The cloth mask uses
a skin-friendly cotton-blend material that is often
used in underwear to make it more comfortable to wear. Gunze's unique elastic Cutoff® material integrates the mask with the part that hangs on your ears, making it less likely to hurt your ears. In addition, The company has adopted a three-dimensional design that fits perfectly on the unevenness of the face by utilizing the manufacturing technology of underwear.
Innerwear Division Kozaburo Ikeda (left) Fasabi Madoka Arida (right)
And because it is a skin-wearing fabric that can withstand washing, it can be washed and used repeatedly. Furthermore, it has a convenient double structure that can hold commercially available mask filters and gauze. The sale from Gunze's online store has also been well received, and it has been well received by customers who purchased it. From the end of June, we also released a cool type made of cool contact material. Regarding production, we have integrated production at domestic factories from knitting, dyeing, sewing to final finishing, and The company has started with the goal of producing 500,000 pieces per month. The company remains developing products that can contribute to the
improvement of QOL with Gunze's high technology and quality.
Progress
rate for
each year ― 70%
2018 2019
  Indoor knit shoes HAQCARE
Legwear division Kazuaki Shirotori
worked with a doctor at Shimokitazawa Hospital, the only general hospital for feet-care in Japan to develop HAQCARE, a pair of indoor knit shoes that are light, easy to wear and hard to trip over. To prevent tripping on your feet, the toes are bent appropriately, the sole measures the coefficient of friction, and the wavy shape and material are used to prevent slipping. In addition, the insole that lifts the arch of the foot holds the arch of the foot and also takes measures against flat feet. This initiative was featured in the TV program "Gaia no Yoake"
and received a great deal of attention from sales on electronic commerce sites. With further product improvements, the company remains expanding products sales through many channels and work to further contribute to improving QOL from the legwear division.
and "realizing attractive electronic commerce sites". At the Gunze Store, the company introduces products from various methods such as videos and wearing visuals. In addition, the company conveys product features in an easy-to-understand manner with high-impact numerical expressions and simple expressions aimed at specific targets. In addition, the company raises the appeal of product banners so that differences in products can be judged at a glance, and emphasizes the superiority of materials and functional features. The company remains making efforts to convey the sense of trust unique to Gunze products.
Online shop members From left: Mana Ashida, Kayoko Watanabe, Hiromi Nakajima, Naotaka Hashino, Kazunori Mikamo
As humans age, it becomes difficult to maintain balance due to deterioration of various functions such as physical strength, muscle strength and eyesight. The human gets older, the risk of falling due to these factors increases, and accidents may occur in unexpected places. In some cases, a fall may lead to hospitalization, wheelchair life or bedridden, and I thought it was very important to take measures against the danger. Therefore, the company
Expansion of online store sales for "convenient shopping anytime,
The spread of the COVID-19 has affected store sales by refraining from going out, while online shopping is growing steadily. Gunze is focusing on online sales so that it can be purchased conveniently anytime, anywhere, and is expanding its electronic commerce business by creating fans through various campaigns. In June 2019, the official app that can be used at online stores and Gunze stores was also be launched.
In response to changes in the consumption structure due to diversifying consumer needs, the company is expanding sales by taking advantage of electronic commerce by "strengthening the appeal of products"
Gunze online shop won the award at Rakuten and Yahoo!
In January 2020, Gunze Online Shop won the "Rakuten Shop of the Area 2019 Kansai Area Award", and it was the first time since it opened in April 1998. In March, the Gunze PayPay Mall store opened on Yahoo! Site. In the shopping category award, the company won the "3rd place in the inner and room wear category" for the first time. Gunze Online Shop remains striving to improve the satisfaction of many customers by providing excellent products.
  Social challenges: Easy to buy while refraining from going outKPI target: Electronic Commerce sales ratio
10% or more.
Progress 2018 2019 rate for
each year 60% 80%
 Home Exercise with Internet Video -Easy Exercise at Home-
Social challenges: Maintaining good health while refraining from going out KPI target: Expansion of presymptomatic state-related business in sports clubProgress rate for each year.Due to the spread of the COVID-19, Gunze Sports had to closed the gym, causing great inconvenience to members and school students. Under these circumstances, the company distributed "Easy exercises that you can do at home" on the internet so that everyone in stay home could spend a fulfilling time at home, relieved lack of exercise and relieved stress, and enjoyed it. The company remains distributing lesson videos on the WEB so that non-members also can be interested in exercise and will work to lead to good health.
The banner of Home Exercise
anywhere"
    19
20