Activities in 2019
  Creating a green environment
and dealing with environmental problems
  Efforts to reduce CO2
As Japan's promise to reduce greenhouse gases after 2020, the Ministry of the Environment has set a target of 26.0% (about 1,042 million tons-CO2) in
2030 compared to 2013. This number is a very high goal compared to other countries. However,
in order to pass on the earth to the next generation, we think that we must clear this, and we are tackling technical restrictions and cost issues while accumu- lating various measures and technologies. I will.
~Gunze Green Initiatives~
At Gunze Green, we are engaged in the business of selling trees and flowering plants, and this business
itself is one of Gunze's materialities, "creating a lush environment and dealing with environmental pro- blems," which is our reward. Is connected to.
In order to reduce CO2, which is a major compone- nt of greenhouse gases that cause global warming,
it is necessary to reduce emissions and increase
the absorption and fixation of CO2 by plants.
In particular, urban greening (street trees, city parks, etc.) is important so that forests do not decrease due to urban development. Since trees store a large amount of carbon in their trunks, branches and roots, selling trees for urban greening will help curb global warming. The fixed amount of CO2 from tree sales in 2019 will be 783t (half of the dry weight of trees is carbon), and we are aiming for 873t in 2020.
Old tree in Kesennuma City, Miyagi Prefecture
We also provide training as part of our contribution to the local community. The purpose of this training is to broaden the horizons of teachers to understand society and improve their qualifications and abilities as teachers through work experience at private companies. In August 2019, we welcomed a teacher from Nagata Junior High School in Yokohama City for training. During the hottest hours of the summer afternoon, we visited the shipping areas and surro- unding farms to learn how the green supply in the city works. It seems that the trees in the park and the trees planted along the highway that you usu- ally see casually are shipped from the producers for the first time. "There is such a natural farmland in Yokohama city. I strongly wanted to tell the students that they are there and that it is a green supply base. " I would like to continue to be useful as part of local education.
Social issue: Reduction of CO2 emissions KPI target: Reduction of CO2 emissions
Progress rate for each year
2017 2019 2030(goal)
52% 86% 100%
Social issue: Reduction of CO2 emissions KPI target: Reduction of CO2 emissions
rate for each year
Progress 2018 2019
101 % 90%
 12
Conversion to low CO2 emission energy
Switch to LED
power such as nuclear power, hydraulic power, solar power, and wind power is used. No new
capital investment is required, and we are revie- wing the power supply companies that are wor- king to reduce CO2.
 We are shifting from heavy fuel oil A, which emits a large amount of CO2, to fuel oil, which emits less CO2, such as city gas, LPG, and LNG.
In addition, since electricity generated by ther- mal power emits a large amount of CO2, electr- icity generated by sources other than thermal
-26% (FY2030)
Make the city beautiful with urban greening
In response to the passionate desire to retain the descendants of Yoshino cherry tree, we started a new initiative. This is an important cherry tree that has been loved by local residents for many years because an old tree of "Yoshino cherry tree" in Kesennuma City, Miyagi Prefecture was cut down for road expansion work, but it is an old tree and difficult to transplant. Therefore, I was asked if there was any way to leave offspring. Therefore, we pro- posed grafting, and at the end of 2019, we collected grafts from old trees of "Yoshino cherry tree", took them back to the farm in Ibaraki prefecture on the same day, stored them in the refrigerator, and on April 8, 2020, 32 trees. We carried out grafting and started curing. We are carefully raising 10 seedlings with the goal of delivering them to Kesennuma next year.
   Reduction target :
34
 Efforts to save energy by updating equipment
Introducing a monito- ring system using AI in collaboration with other companies
On Saturdays and Sundays when the factory is not in operation, energy will be automatically suppressed, conditions will be prepared in advance for operation on Monday, and an AI system will be introduced to help improve other wasted energy in the factory.
We are working to save energy by updating to high-efficiency equipment. Initial investment will be required, but it will lead to energy saving by changing the model to efficient equipment.
   21
22
Training for teachers
Gunze Green Nao Shimizu (left),
Osamu Matsumoto (right), Nagata Junior High School teacher (middle)