Activities in 2019
グンゼ統合レポート 2019
  Work environment improvement / Work style reform
Work style reform after COVID-19  Protect myself, my family and company with telework
With the issuance of the state of emergency, many companies have begun promoting telework operations.
I have come to use web conferencing frequently both inside and outside the company, and I feel the changes in communication tools and their convenience.
Telework is not limited to the new coronavirus,and I think
it will continue to be a work style that will continue to be needed as a countermeasure against emergencies. We believe that this is not a temporary emergency
Activities for the prevention of infectious diseases
   measure, but will encourage changes in the common sense and rules of corporate Protect yourself, your family and your company with teleworksociety.
I also hope that it will be an opportunity for employees
to gather on one floor and change the "natural" of
working on time from morning to evening.
When the infection of the new coronavirus began to spread, the Tokyo branch office cooperated with the mechatronics field, which supplies disinfectant water, and introduced it promptly. We also sterilize parts that people touch, such as doorknobs. Furthermore, by promoting telework, the Tokyo
Tokyo General Affairs Division Shiaya Mimaki
 Electronic components Division Naotaka Nakata
General Affairs Division is
working to reduce contact with people by allowing only telephone responders to come to the office.
I work while sharing ideas every day on how to get closer to my usual work under the constraint of being at home. Although it is an emergency, I hope that this experience can be used for various purposes in the future.
Activities for infectious disease control
 1.Recruitments
Due to the spread of the COVID-19, face-to-face interviews have been canceled since the end of March, and all interviews are conducted online at the end of May. As a recruiter, I was worried whether it would
be possible to identify the human resources that I was looking for in a web interview,but on the contrary,
I found that I could clearly see the good points of the students. Unlike face-to-face interviews, there are some difficulties such as difficulty of taking a break and the amount of heat of the student is difficult to transfer, and it takes more time than the face-to-face because it requires a preliminary time until the interview, but the evaluation criteria become quantitative. Students also feel that the web interview speaks to Frank, so I think there are some good points. Due to the spread of COVID-19 this time, the environment for recruiting has changed significantly, but we are groping every day with the aim of responding well to this change and demonstrating better performance than ever before.
2.Employee work style
From the end of January, the company called for the travel of overseas workers and the postponement of unnecessary and unurgent travel of domestic workers overseas, and from the end of February, the company called on employees who commute by train to work
at different times. Furthermore, from the end of March, the company has promoted working from home
as a general rule. Employees working in urban areas such as Tokyo and Osaka have an attendance rate of about 30%, and I think we have almost achieved our goal of reducing contact with people by 70%. Regarding the acquisition of paid leave, there was a department that independently encouraged the acquisition of paid leave as a preventive measure against the spread of infection. With the support of my boss, taking paidleave and staggered work have become established.
[Promotion of active participation by women]
The ratio of women in career-track positions in FY
2019 is almost the same as in FY2018.
However, the weight of continuous employment around 10 years after joining the company is incre- asing year by year, and I think the key point is how women in career-track positions can continue to work. For this reason, we have conducted training for women who have been in the company for 4 to7 years in order to foster their own upward inclination and provide opportunities to have a career image so that they can balance work and private life and realize personal career advancement. It was. However, in recent years, the number of people getting married within five years
of joining the company is increasing, so we are co- nsidering training a little earlier. Support for men is indispensable for the active participation of women, and we believe that it is necessary for men as well as women to take childcare leave. Men can also take childcare leave, but I think many people are unaware of this system. I think it is our important job to convey not only the childcare leave system but also the system that employees do not know.
[Working style after COVID-19]
This time, I think that issues have become apparent, such as the fact that progress cannot be confirmed due to the decrease in communication due to working from home, making it difficult to see the results, and the bias in the division of duties contributes to inc- reased frustration. Some departments use a video conferencing system every morning to communicate
for a short time, which I think is an effective method.
I think it is necessary to continue to adopt the optimal method in the future. On the contrary, this infectious disease that caused a lot of burden is regarded as an opportunity to change the consciousness of working style, and it is used as a turning point to feel that oneself, family and company are more important, and it is various regardless of the place and time of work. I would like
to be able to flexibly respond to work styles according
to various circumstances (childcare, long-term care, illness, double-income, etc.).
Gunze action plan for act on the Promotion of Female Participation and Career Advancement in the Workplace
Social issues: Responding to changes in working styles KPI target: Number of days of paid leave taken (14 days / year)
2018 2019
Progress of
each year 94% 94%
 ●What it should be:
A fair company for men and women with a brilliant and rewarding work to fully demonstrate the power of the individual.
1. Planning period: From April 1, 2018 to March 31,  2021 (3 years)
2. Plan
Since January 15, 2015, Gunze has been certified as a "leading company for women's advancement in Osaka City".
Social challenges: Handling workstyle changes KPI target: The ratio of women in career-track positions
 Progress of each year
2018 2019
73% 77%FY2018 as in FY2019 as in FY2020’s Target Measures and its purpose            Indicators March 20, 2019 March 20, 2020 as in March 20,
2021Appeal of women's advancement promotion situationThe ratio of women in career-track positions
Current employees
10%
10%
13%
New graduates / Career recruitment
24%
(average of between FY2016 and FY2018)
22%
(average of between FY2017 and FY2019)
38%
(average of between FY2018 and FY2020)
Increase the number of human resources who can apply for course
conversion, strengthen the human resources of general employees Number of applicants for course conversion A for general female employees
1
0
6
Develop a compatible environment by removing time barriers during childcare and long-term care
Prevention of retirement due to "unavoidable circumstances" such as spouse transfer Ratio of women in career-track positionsfor new graduate hires around 10 years of hiring*1
*1 Percentage of continuous employment
(female in career-track positions)
Percentage of continuous employment = Number of new graduate hires 9, 10, 11 years ago as of March 20 ÷Number of employees
9, 10 and 11 years agox 100
57%
50%
60%Men 84% (Ref.)
Men 77% (Ref.)
Prevention of career down due to life eventsNumber of female managers
6
5
8
Establishing a workplace system by relieving anxiety of employees on leave and sharing work allocation and childcare environmentSupport for retention and career development by building a human network 23
24