Creation of a better regional community and society
Gunze entered into a "Comprehensive Cooperation Agreement" with Osaka City
  In response to the Covid-19 epidemic, Gunze donated 100K surgical masks to medical institutions designated for specific infectious diseases in Kyoto, such as Ayabe
Municipal Hospital and Kyoto Prefectural Medical Uni- versity Hospital. The donation was based on our com- prehensive agreement with Kyoto Prefecture.In addi- tion, Gunze donated 2.5K their original masks each to both Osaka Prefecture and Osaka City. We also donated our original face shields and medical gowns to our local medical institutions. Gunze is promoting efforts to re- vitalize the region through our business activities.
Raising Ginkgo Trees in Ayabe City
Citizen-private partnership, free space and greenery foster the traditional spirit of autonomy in Osaka
The situation of ceremony
Mr. Ichiro Matsui, Mayor of Osaka City (left), Mr. Atsushi Hirochi, President of Gunze (right)
Gunze entered into a comprehensive agreement with Osaka City in March 2020. The agreement consists of 10 fields such as health/medical care, sports promotion, environment, healthy development of children and so forth. Based on the agreement, Gunze is endeavoring to revitalize the region through business activities such as "cancer awareness campaign”, "sports promotion event," "environmental conservation of Midosuji-Avenue", and "Donating underwear to children in poverty.”
1 Health / Medical: Implementation of "Cancer Awareness Campaign" at Gunze stores.
2Sports promotion: Holding sports promotion events and dispatching
instructors to the events.
3 Environment: Cooperation on environmental conservation in Midosuji-Avenue.
4 Healthy upbringing of children:Donate underwear for children(Solving issues related to child poverty and cooperating with child-rearing family support measures), Implementation of "Children's Underwear Class"
5 Safety and security of citizen's life
6 Welfare
7 Employment support / employment8 Citizen activities
9 Helping public relations of ward administration and municipal administration 10 Others, improvement of citizen services and revitalization of the area
  
Gunze entered into an “Agreement on Supply of Ginkgo Trees in Midosuji-Avenue” with Osaka City
  Gunze has been developing the community and working to enrich people through its business since its inception. Today, that spirit of autonomy is driven by active activities such as social contribution, which leads to harmonious coexistence with the local community.
Considering the enormous damage to the ginkgo trees in Midosuji-Avenue caused by Typhoon No 21
in September 2018, Gunze entered into an agreement with Osaka City.
The aim of agreement is to preserve the ginkgo trees in a healthy manner and pass them on to future generations. Gunze planted and raised ginkgo trees to prepare the donation. Gunze planted trees at the
Gunze Research Institute in Ayabe City, Kyoto Prefecture in January 2020. Through the agreement, We are endeavoring to revitalize the region through our business activities.
Contributing to maintaining the landscape of the Midosuji-Avenue ginkgo trees
     25
26
Disaster support against the Typhoon No. 19 in 2019.
Gunze received a request for support from the em- ergency disaster response alliance "SEMA" to help the
people in the area affected by the Typhoon No. 19
in October 2019. 4,010 pieces of women's and children's un- derwear were delivered to To- yononishi Elementary School, Toyonobyoin Clinic, and Obuse Town Hall. In addition, on Oct- ober 30, Gunze donated a total of 600 pieces of underwear and socks to Marumori Elementary School in Marumori Town,
Miyagi Prefecture. In the event of a disaster, Gunze will continue to donate needed goods to those affected by the disaster in an accurate and timely manner.
Gunze Green Co., Ltd. President
Mr. Yoichiro Hamamatsu
Osaka Gas Co., Ltd.
Energy and Culture Research Institute Principal Investigat- or 80th anniversary of Mido- suji-Avenue completion Business Promotion Committee Advisor
Ms. Tomoyo Kurimoto
Letters of appreciation for mask donations from Osaka and Kyoto prefectures
The ginkgo trees for Midosuji- Avenue planted in Ayabe City are carefully raised by a tree
producer who has the same aspirations as Gunze Green, and Gunze choses the one that suits Midosuji-Avenue from among the many ginkgo trees. Gunze would like to contribute to the region through the supply of ginkgo
trees to maintain the wonde- rful scenery of the ginkgo trees in Midosuji-Avenue, which is a symbol of Osaka.
In Osaka, merchants have played a leading role in pioneering the cutting edge . Midosuji-Avenue was born as it grew into the "kitchen of the world" in the early modern period and the largest city in Japan "Osaka"
in modern times. Mr. Hajime Seki, the 7th Mayor of Osaka, declares that the conditions
for citizens to live a comfortable life are "free space and greenery" and that they aim to become
a world city with Osaka’s traditional spirit of autonomy.
  Gunze donated underwear to those who were affected by the Typhoon No. 19
Social challenges: Cooperation with all stakeholders, including local communities
     
KPI Goal: Promotion to enter into comprehensive agreements with local communities
Progress of 2017 2018 each year Osaka Kyoto
Pref. Pref.
2019
Kyoto City.
ation.That idea is still being passed down, and Osaka has inherited the soil in which
the public and private sectors collaborate to create
the region, and pass on its values to the next generation.