Around 400,000 comments are posted on Yahoo! News every day, a large number of which are slanderous or unpleasant for various reasons. In this ecosystem, what can be done to create a forum for constructive discus- sion that fosters new realizations and understanding among users?
What was the background behind the development of the constructive comment ranking model?
Numata: Yahoo! News has included a comment feature since 2007. Rather than just providing the news in a one-sided manner, we wanted to cultivate a forum for lively discussion that would link users with the news as they submitted their opinions and impressions. However, some voiced concerns over the large number of slander- ous or unpleasant comments among the 400,000 comments that are posted on Yahoo! News each day. There was a need to rank these comments, because the sheer volume made it impossible for users to view them all, which was an issue for us to resolve. We tried various approaches to overcome this issue, but none were suffi- cient, and further improvement was needed.
This prompted us to define our vision for the comment feature based on the keywords “realizations,” “understanding,” and “con- structive.” Our top priority was to ensure constructiveness. This process led to the establishment of a project team in October 2017 in coordination with the data science team and the Yahoo! News Editing Department.
What was the development process like?
Tabuchi: I am an engineer at Yahoo! News as well as a member of the natural language processing working group in the Company. The first step taken in this project was to discuss what exactly consti- tuted a high-quality, constructive comment. Referencing existing research, we formulated a definition for constructive comments on the premise that the comments are related to the article and are not slanderous. In addition to this precondition, we included four princi- pal conditions, one of which was “comments that present new ideas, solutions, or insights.” We then employed a crowdsourcing model to have 50,000 comments reviewed and labeled “construc- tive” or “unconstructive.” Together with this information, we applied natural language processing to develop a model. The thesis on this model was accepted at the 57th Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics, the world’s foremost natural language processing conference.
Numata: We had the Yahoo! News Editing Department check the comment list generated through this model. The department sug- gested that, while it is easy for longer comments to claim higher slots
in the constructiveness ranking, it would be best for short yet con- structive comments to also be ranked in the higher slots. We made a slight adjustment to the model based on this input. This was something that would not have been noticed with- out human eyes.
Tabuchi: We were aware that just because a model is ideal from a technical standpoint, it does not mean that it will be ideal from a service standpoint if used for this application without further adjust- ment. I am truly glad that we had the model examined from the per- spective of a professional editor.
What was the response after the introduction of the constructive comment ranking model?
Numata: Social media was booming with talk of how the comment feature on Yahoo! News had improved. The model was well received within the Company as well, inspiring us to make better use of com- ments. For example, we added a feature to the Yahoo! News app to display comments on the article timeline. This feature would have been impossible when the comment section frequently displayed unpleas- ant comments. We are also indicating the number of comments in topics headlines to highlight the level of interest for each topic.
What are your future plans for this model?
Numata / Tabuchi: The top 3 comments receive the most views. Going forward, we hope to find a way to make these three construc- tive comments more diverse in order to deliver a wider range of opinions to users. It may be difficult to establish a clear definition of “diversity,” but we hope to tackle this challenge together with the relevant parties.
