Proliferation of Password-less Logins
As a measure to prevent unauthorized access by malicious third parties, we promote the proliferation of password-less logins. Risks of unauthorized access by so-called list-type attacks can be resolved by disallowing logins using passwords. In such attacks, malicious third parties try to hack accounts using the combination of accounts and passwords from a list acquired from other websites. In addition to passwords, users can also make a setting so that they can login using the confirmation code sent to the mobile phone numbers registered in their IDs. Further- more, instead of passwords entered or confirmation codes sent by SMS, users can login more easily using the fingerprint/facial recognition functions on their smartphones. Using biometric rec- ognition,* we provide easy and highly convenient logins while enhancing security.
Towards Zero Material Incidents
In regards to information security, the Yahoo Japan Group strives to ensure confidentiality, availability, and integrity as well as to prevent material incidents especially in fields that handle highly confidential information. As part of our efforts, we address the vulnerabilities of applications by conducting vulnerability exami- nations through dedicated teams in the Company and through third-party institutions. We hold secure coding trainings for engi- neers in our aim to ensure that applications do not have vulnera- bilities. We also conduct incident response training against cyber-attacks in order to strengthen our responsiveness to inci- dents. Furthermore, as measures to protect our users, we work to raise awareness on managing IDs in a secure manner and provide tools for that purpose. We also have preventive measures in place that anticipate a certain level of unauthorized use. As a group, Yahoo! JAPAN and some subsidiaries received third-party audits and acquired Information Security Management System (ISMS) certification ISO/IEC 27001:2013, the ISMS international standard, and JIS Q27001:2014 certification, the Japanese stan- dard, for all of our businesses. In addition, for our payment ser- vice “Yahoo! Wallet,” we obtained PCI DSS accreditation (Level 1), a security standard for member information, transaction infor- mation, and payment processes related to credit card payments.