Conclusion of Disaster Alliances with Local Authorities to Provide Timely Disaster Information
Yahoo! JAPAN promotes the conclusion of alliances with local authorities in order to deliver information held by local authorities to as many people as possible in the case of a disaster using information technology. In addition, we aggregate and provide various disaster-related information, such as evacuation advi- sory/order from local authorities and the location of evacuation centers. designated by the authorities, so that users can accesss these information. At the time of disaster, we release a cached version of websites operated by local authorities to reduce the burden on websites with heavy access and to prevent difficulty in browsing. Through these alliances, we also provide tools to dis- tribute emergency information from local authorities to Yahoo! Disaster Alert. By turning on the location notification of devices, not only residents but also travelers visiting the site can receive the emergency information. As of the end of May 2019, we have concluded disaster alliances with 639 local authorities.
Going forward, we will contribute to enhancing safety in our users’ lives through the Internet by increasing these alliances with local authorities and providing information beyond the scope of the local authorities.
Fostering a Donation Culture in Japan
In order to promote the resolution of various social issues both in and out of Japan with the power of the private sector, we began providing “Yahoo! Internet Fund Raising” in 2004. Users can easily donate to organizations such as NPOs using credit cards and T Points.
In Yahoo! Internet Fund Raising, we regularly raise funds for organizations that are active in various fields such as international cooperation, the environment, and welfare in “Donations.” In addition, in “Emergency Fund Raising,” we also raise funds immediately after disaster strikes to provide expeditious support. To raise interest among users who have never donated before, we provide donation frameworks such as “Donation with Lottery” whereby donors receive prizes by lottery and “Donation with Gifts” in which donors receive gifts.
In fiscal 2018, we raised a total of ¥1,270,548,410. Cumula- tive funds raised amounted to ¥5,214,780,986. Moving on, we will foster and spread a donation culture in Japan whereby we can donate easily using the Internet.