Empowering Every One of Us through the Power of Information Technology
Accessibility measures the level of usability of information and services provided regardless of the mental/physical state and the usage environment of all users. Yahoo! JAPAN works to ensure accessibility of its web contents so that they can be used by as many users as possible in as many scenes as possible. We endeavor to improve accessibility by having people with visual impairments undergo user tests and participate in discussions on our services. For example, many people with visual impairments have difficulty acquiring information from online election bulletins. To solve this problem, we have created a website, “Audible Elec- tion,” to read out information using a recitation software.
More recently, we co-hosted Japan’s largest accessibility con- ference, Japan Accessibility Conference (JAC), with other com- panies. As an Internet leading company, we also put effort into awareness-raising activities such as the sponsorship of “Global Accessibility Awareness Day.”
Major Achievements in Fiscal 2018
• “Audible Election”
— Compliance with Level A of JIS X 8341-3:2016
• “Yahoo! Weather & Disaster”
— Visibility of weather maps verified by low-vision
users at service renewal
• “Yahoo! Finance” app — Visibility secured
Aiming to Build a Society Where Everyone Can Play an Active Role
Our company is comprised of employees with various values and in various life stages. We aim to create company and society where people from all walks of life can actively participate by making full use of their strengths. In order to realize diversity and cultivate a corporate culture that offers a pleasant work environ- ment, we have “Sponsorship Programs” in which internal projects are run by volunteers and supported by corporate officers. We have also established the “Papa Mama Project (child raising),” “Woman Project (women’s workplace participation),” “Health Pro- motion Project for Women,” “Rainbow Project (LGBT),” special project for employees with disabilities, and the “Global Project (non-Japanese employees).” Through these projects, various activities are held to foster a better working environment for all employees. Sabbatical leaves of two to three months, given to permanent employees with continued service of ten years or more, have been taken by an increasing number of employees since the start of the program. In fiscal 2018, we opened an in- house nursery, “Hutte,” in Tokyo Garden Terrace Kioicho, where our headquarters are located, for the purpose of supporting the return and continued employment of employees after taking their maternal/child-raising leave.
Three consecutive years of fully implementing
the following diversity measures:
— Project to support working women
— Round table talks on nursing care and work
— Meetings where management directly answers employees’ questions
— Projects to support balancing of child raising and work
— Promotion of sabbatical leave