Increasing the Ratio of Renewable Energy Used in Data Centers
In order to contribute to the achievement of a sustainable society, we promote measures to respond to climate changes. Most of the servers necessary to operate our business are managed by our own facilities. In particular, at Asian Frontier, our data center in Kitakyushu City, Fukuoka Prefecture, as well as at our Shi- rakawa Data Center in Shirakawa City, Fukushima Prefecture, we implement measures to combat global warming using the latest technologies, including the installation of air conditioning systems that use outside air. We also work to improve the efficiency of energy use by continuously replacing facilities and making new capital investments. Additionally, our U.S. subsidiary Actapio, Inc. constructed a new data center with approximately 1,600 racks. It started operations in April 2019. The data center is located in Washington State, where hydraulic power generation is preva- lent, and uses 100% renewable energy for its operation. Actapio, Inc. began the operation of Yahoo! JAPAN’s first data center outside of Japan (200 racks) in December 2014, also in Washing- ton State. With the construction of a data center that is larger in scale, our use of renewable energy will increase even further.
Reducing Use of Plastic in the Company and Raising Awareness
We have reviewed the use of disposable plastic cups for cold drinks in our company café in the Tokyo Kioicho office. Instead of plastic cups, we have introduced bamboo cups, which will be reused after cleansing. We have also put a system in place so that employees can bring these cups to their desks. The bamboo cups are made from bamboo fiber, which is powdered and packed with resin. They are made from environment-friendly material and the carbon footprint from their manufacturing to disposal is small. More specifically, this introduction is expected to reduce up to 10,000 plastic cups per month considering the number of drinks sold. Going forward, we will reduce plastic waste even further. Our media “Gyoppy!,” specializes in marine issues such as plastic waste and ocean acidification. At the end of some articles, we have provided links to “Yahoo! Internet Fund Raising” and for the purchase of environmentally friendly fish so that readers can contribute to the resolution of these issues after reading the articles.
