Solving Social Issues through Business
Description of Social Issues
Through the use of food processing technology that raises the storage life of perishables, our daily lifestyles have undergone rapid advances in the modern era. Instead of buying ingredi- ents and preparing meals at home, food is now distributed as a packaged product that has greatly improved convenience and plentifulness in people’s lives. Once food is distributed in large quantities, however, uneaten food is thrown away (i.e., food loss) in increasing amounts, a social problem that has drawn attention lately. SDG Target 12.3 is stated as “Halve per capital global food waste at the retail and consumer levels and reduce food losses along production and supply chains,
including post-harvest losses,” a clearly stated objective to ensure a sustainable food consumption and production pat- tern. Today, most food processing companies have identified the reduction of food loss as a major issue alongside guaran- teeing the deliciousness, safety and security of their products.
Anritsu Initiatives
At food processing plants, factory automation has facilitated the faster processing of food in larger amounts for shipment. It is necessary to inspect each individual product to ensure
processed food is safe and reliable. In the past, a large num- ber of workers were used in the food inspection process to examine the food before shipment. However, inspections by people are subject to issues related to differences in individual skills and fatigue causing people to lose their concentration.
Along with providing solutions for automating the quali- ty inspection process on food production lines, Anritsu aims to provide solutions linked to minimizing food loss. Together with customers, the Company will continue to provide advanced quality assurance solutions with the aim of contributing to the realization of a sustainable society with little food loss, and a society where anyone can live their lives in safety without worry.