Harmonizing with Global Society
Social Issues as a Background
The Anritsu Group supports the universal principles of human rights and labor. Since 2006, we have participated in the United Nations Global Compact, which puts these principles into prac- tice. As a signatory dedicated to solving social issues—including the SDGs—we are promoting efforts aimed at advancing respect for human rights and diversity. In order to better secure human resources in an aging society with a declining birth rate, and to respond to the risks and needs of a diversifying market, we believe it is increasingly important for companies to pro- mote diversity management. For the Anritsu Group, which has overseas sales that account for 66% of total sales, fulfilling our long-term vision of remaining the leader in the global market, while also maintaining our current business activities, requires us to create an environment in which a diverse group of employees can work actively and mutually share their values.
Anritsu’s Human Resources Concept
In the Anritsu Group, human resources are an essential asset. We believe that supporting diverse human resources innovation and solving social issues through our business will lead to greater corpo- rate value. Recognizing this, we announced a Diversity Policy and have promoted diversity through measures including gender equali- ty; supporting the active involvement of female employees; promot- ing a healthy life-work balance; encouraging the hiring of employees with disabilities; hiring foreign employees; supporting the involvement of senior employees and more. We are energetically striving to support diversity by hiring and promoting diverse human resources and adopting a global human resources management sys- tem. Also, the Anritsu Group is pursuing reforms to the labor envi- ronment and labor system for life-work balance of the employees.
Promoting the Active Involvement of Female Employees
We are carrying out initiatives to allow female employees to pursue their professional lives alongside their private lives and to more directly contribute to the growth of our business and enhancement of our corporate value. We are putting particular effort toward career development and support for female employees who have difficulty balancing work and home demands due to life events such as childrearing or family nursing care. In FY2016, we set the goal of raising the ratio of women hired in Japan to 20% of all
For additional information, please see the Anritsu Sustainability Report 2020.
new recruits by 2020, while also further establishing a working environment that supports female employees. In April 2020, we achieved this goal. In terms of support for career advancement, we also have initiatives such as increasing the number of participants in our tier-based training system as well as training seminars that have helped three female employees in FY2019 became company man- agers. As a result, our ratio of female managers in FY2019 was 1.8%. In April of 2020, two female employees became company managers. Going forward, we have announced a new goal, which we would like to achieve by FY2023, to surpass the June, 2020 industry average of a 3.3% ratio* of women in management posi- tions. Accordingly, we will devote continued effort to increasing our number of female employees, supporting career development for females, and creating an environment that fosters female employees who take on central roles in the organization.
* Based on material released by the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare
Women as a Ratio of New Graduates Hired
  40
30
33
34
32
11
40
30
20
10
(%)
      20 171818 10
3
6
27
25
00 (FY) 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019
■■Number of new graduates hired (Left axis) ■■Number of women (Left axis)  Ratio of women (Right axis)
*Aggregate for the fiscal year in which recruitment was conducted
Work-Style Reform Initiatives
The Anritsu Group moved quickly and took early steps to pro- mote work-style reforms to respond to the social demands such as responses for aging society with a declining birth rate, life- work balance and globalization. We are promoting telecommut- ing that helps free employees from working in a specific place at a specific time while supporting workstyles that suit different val- ues of employees and approaches to work. Also, the Anritsu Group is pursuing reforms to the labor environment and labor system, and working to spur innovation by improving productivi- ty, all as part of work-style reforms with the goal of translating these changes to greater corporate value.
19
24
     5
6
 Anritsu Integrated Report 2020 43