11 Pharmaceutical agencies
A characteristic of Tsumura’s Kampo formulations is that they are widely used at a number of facilities. In promoting the proper use of Kampo formulations, it is vital to gain the cooperation of pharmaceutical agency sales representatives (MSs) and ensure they have correct knowledge and information on Kampo formulations.
Number of products with a track record for delivery to more than 30,000 medical institutions and pharmacies
The graph shows the results of an external survey on the number of products that have a track record for delivery to more than 30,000 medical institutions and pharmacies, from among the 23 pharmaceutical companies (excluding generic manufacturers) with top ranking sales in January-December 2018. Even compared to major pharmaceutical companies, the results indicated Tsumura’s 25 Kampo formulations were the most popular. Demand for Kampo formulations exists in various clinical departments. This can be said to indicate that Kampo is useful at many medical institutions and pharmacies.Total number of products: over 30,000 products
0 5
10 15
20 25
       Tsumura Company A Company B Company C Company D Company E Company F
Company Q Company R Company S Company T Company U Company V
          Tsumura MRs visit various clinical departments, including dermatology, obstetrics and gynecology, and psychiatry to provide information. These MRs require knowledge on a wide range of illnesses and products. They are constantly required to meet many doctors so they devote themselves to studies daily.
As deliveries are made to many hospitals and clinics, the function of pharmaceutical agencies in distribution is very important. MRs not only convey a basic knowledge about Kampo, but also aim to actively communicate by sharing knowledge about the environment surrounding Kampo formulations as well as the most updated knowledge.
43
...
...
Our STRATEGY
TSUMURA Integrated Report 2020
      Related SDGs
12Hospitals, clinics and pharmacies
  Medical representatives (MR*1) will visit medical institutions and dispensing pharmacies to provide information on Kampo according to needs.
In addition to providing information through interviews conducted by MRs, we will also diversify methods, including implementing various themed
seminars nationwide. Recently, we conducted an online lecture.
*1 MR : Medical Representatives
Establishment of the concept of Kampo medicine
With the goal of establishing the concept of Kampo medicine in Japan, Tsumura provides systematic assistance for Kampo education at 82 medical colleges and university medical departments nationwide. This assistance includes support
for education of medical students on Kampo medicine, Kampo training sessions for physicians-in-training working at designated hospitals for clinical training*2, various seminars for medical practitioners, and promotional activities. We also recognize that consistent Kampo education, beginning before graduation and continuing immediately after graduation and
post-graduation, is important to encouraging a wider range
of physicians to utilize Kampo medicines. Based on this recognition, Tsumura supports the following activities.
As a result of these efforts, Kampo education was provided
at 82 medical colleges and university medical departments nationwide and Kampo outpatient clinics were in place at 78 universities in fiscal 2020. Furthermore, Kampo education was included in all four of the model core curricula for medical education, demonstrating that Kampo education is steadily becoming entrenched at universities throughout Japan.
  Support for training sessions in schools for fostering individuals capable of becoming future Kampo medicine lecturers
Establishment of Kampo outpatient*3 clinics for providing clinical training in universities
*2 Hospitals that provide a two-year practical training to physicians who have graduated from medical departments and acquired their medical license *3Kampo outpatient clinics specialize in Kampo medicine and in examinations and treatments based on a Kampo medicine approach
Overview of Activities (Consistent Kampo Medicine Education before Graduation, Immediately after Graduation, and Post-Graduation)
   Before graduation
Medical students
University medical departments and medical colleges
Lectures (introductory)
Clinical training (hospital wards,
outpatient care)
Professor / lecturer training at
schools
Study groups at schools (school
clubs, etc.)
Immediately after graduation
Physicians-in-training
Designated hospitals for clinical training (including university hospitals)
Kampo training sessions geared toward physicians-in-training
Post-graduation
Physicians
           Introductory Follow-up
Step-up Lecturer training
Increase the number of physicians who can prescribe at least 10 or more Kampo formulations
  Enhancement, entrenchment, and evolution of Kampo education
Kampo medicine seminars
44
  Our STRATEGY

The Kampo Value Chain
   12 Hospitals, clinics and pharmacies
Addressing guidelines for sales information provision activities for medical prescription pharmaceuticals
In April 2019, the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare began managing the “Guidelines for Sales Information Provision Activities for Prescription Pharmaceuticals.”
These guidelines stipulate that by optimizing advertisements or acts similar to advertisements performed by drug manufacturers and distributors for the purpose of sales information provisions activities on prescription pharmaceuticals, the proper use of prescription pharmaceuticals must be ensured with the goal
of improving health and hygiene. Tsumura has adopted and complies with the provisions in these guidelines. We have established an internal system, independent of the sales department, to supervise sales information provision activities, examine materials, and respond to complaints from outside
the company. In October 2019, we began monitoring the appropriateness of sales information provision, and are working to promote the proper use of prescription Kampo formulations.
 Implement activities to provide information
The Kampo Mega Web Lecture, which started in 2019, has been held four times in the first half of 2020. The number of physicians watching these lectures is increasing.
In area activities, we provide detailed information that takes into account the characteristics of each region and facility. We also hold plans by each sales base to address the needs of doctors who want to learn about Kampo. In addition, MRs
are actively deploying measures and have also launched new activities in line with conditions in each area and medical zone. In addition to hybrid activities that adequately employ both online activities and visitation activities, including
the substantial increase of online seminars, we are further enhancing e-promotions and implementing active and effective information provision activities.
 Kampo Mega Web lectures Target
Mainly physicians that prescribe fewer than 10 Kampo formulations or physicians that do not prescribe any Kampo formulations
 Theme
 Lecture date
 Number of viewers (people)
  Fiscal 2020
Kampo is a MUST for clinical physicians
Become proficient at handling Kampo extracts
Acute respiratory tract infections and Kampo
2019.9.25
2019.12.16
2020.3.23
17,878
18,855
17,354
  Fiscal 2021
  Easy-to-understand Kampo Mainly colds, dizziness and stress
 2020.4.23
 23,917
 Kampo corresponding to acute febrile disorders and applications
How are colds currently examined?
 2020.6.8
 19,639
 Kampo products that address changes in the external environment (summer/stress)
 2020.6.25
 20,306
 Kampo treatment evidence that can be discerned from guidelines
—Chiefly for functional gastrointestinal disorders—
  2020.7.2
  20,729
 45
    Our STRATEGY

TSUMURA Integrated Report 202013 Patients
Pharmacists dispense pharmaceuticals based on a physician’s prescription, and deliver Kampo medicine to the patient.
We are also actively engaging in the spread and education of Kampo to the general public, including sponsoring Kampo seminars.
As one of the activities to spread and educate people about Kampo, we co-sponsor forums and events related to medical care and health for the general public, and provide a variety of information on Kampo, medical care, and health.
action
     Activities targeting seniors
action
 Activities targeting cancer patients and their families
action
Activities targeting womenSponsoring a forum on “Living in an ultra-aging society”
A forum on “Living in a super aging society” was sponsored by NHK Public Welfare Organization and
NHK Enterprises, with themes such as urban development based on
the ideas of people with dementia and living and being prepared for frailty*. The forum was held in two locations in Japan and a total of 1,067 people participated. Physicians,
care managers, community welfare coordinators and others talked about how to face “aging” and “illness”
and how to live while interacting with society, including the latest initiative and treatment methods. Palliative care and social support were introduced through a panel discussion.
Sponsoring a forum on “Living with cancer”
A forum on “Living with cancer” was sponsored by NHK Public Welfare Organization, NHK Enterprises and Yomiuri Shimbun, based on the theme of being one’s self in both mind and body. The forum was held in four locations in Japan and a total of 2,187 people participated.
An issue is what type of support is necessary for individuals diagnosed with cancer and be one’s self while continuing treatment. An expert lecture was held that offered the latest medical information on such issues.
A discussion panel was held by people who have experienced cancer, medical practitioners and supporters to introduce palliative care and social support.
Sponsoring a “Kampo seminar for women”
“Kampo seminar for women” was held sponsored by Radio Kansai. There were 557 participants. The theme was on what Kampo can do to help women “live.” The seminar covered frequent symptoms women often overlook, such as coldness, constipation, and sore shoulders.
In the first part of the two-part seminar, a physician explained treatments for female illnesses using Kampo. In the second part, there was a talk show conducted by a talent
who suffered from female illnesses and a physician gave helpful advice on women’s health.
      *Frailty: Diminished physical and mental capabilities accompanying aging