The Kampo Value Chain
    Quality assurance
Tsumura believes that pursuing the quality and safety of its products is a theme of the utmost importance.
The Tsumura Quality Culture, a concept that em-phasizes quality, is the platform upon which the Kampo value chain stands. We are undertaking the constant improvement and strengthening of our quality assurance.
Promotion of Tsumura Quality Management System
Tsumura enacted regulations related to the Tsumura Quality Management System, a system that further aims to enhance the quality assurance system that is based on Tsumura’s quality policy. The Company is building a system that can properly respond to matters, including revisions to laws and ordinances and globalization (including PIC/ S). In this manner, we are implementing actions that emphasize quality. Beyond comprehensively encompassing the entire Group, the Tsumura Quality Management System has further clarified management’s accountability in quality control.
Based on regulations for the Tsumura Quality Management System, we have systematically estab-lished documentation that specifies legal compliance and standards that Tsumura should comply with for the entire supply chain from crude
drug cultivation to the delivery of final products.
This is our proprietary quality system. We have built a quality-oriented system for all businesses at Tsumura and for Group companies. These are the activities that provide high-quality Kampo formula-tions to patients.
 Quality Policy
Providing a stable supply of high-quality, reliable products Complying with laws and regulations related to pharmaceuticals
Listening to customer feedback and striving to con-tinuously improve the quality of our products
Realizing stable procurement of safe crude drugs Ensuring the reliability of research and delivering appropriate research results
Offering appropriate training to all our executives and employees, and cultivating human resources distin-guished by a high degree of awareness
Adequately allocating our management resources to help achieve these principlesCrude drugs
Cultivation, preparation, processing and storage
Formulations
Manufacturing and quality control
Market shipment
Distribution
Safety management after manufacturing and sales
Safety management after manufacturing and sales
GTDP | Good Trade and Distribution Practice GQP | Good Quality Practice
 Promotion of Tsumura Quality Management SystemGACP policyGMP policyGDP policyGVP policyGTDP policyStandards for quality control at Tsumura (Tsumura GQP)Basic research policy/research paper publication policy (Cultivation research, crude drug research, formulation research, production technology research, and pharmacology research)Policies on clinical research, etc. (GCP, GPSP)
GACP | Good Agricultural and Collection Practice GDP | Good Distribution Practice
GCP | Good Clinical Practice
GMP | Good Manufacturing Practice
GVP | Good Vigilance Practice
GPSP | Good Post-marketing Study Practice
49
Related SDGs
  Role of quality assurance in the Kampo Value ChainOur STRATEGY
TSUMURA Integrated Report 2020Realize consistent Kampo formulations
The pursuit of quality in all processes related to our Kampo formulations, including cultivation and procurement of crude drugs, quality testing, accumulation of data for each lot, and proprietarily developed manufacturing equipment, was deemed difficult for naturally-derived Kampo formulations but we are achieving consistency.
Control inconsistencies in
naturally-derived crude drugs
Given that crude drugs are naturally derived, their quality and components vary depending on the weather, production area and other factors. However, we bridged the gap between "crude drug disparity" and "consistent formulations". To always manufacture Kampo formulations that maintain a certain degree of quality, we are undertaking the cultivation of crude drugs. By specifying production areas for crude drugs and providing guidance on cultivation methods, and only using crude drugs that have passed Tsumura standards, we have been able to reduce the inconsistencies in raw material crude drugs.
Pursuit of Consistency in
Manufacturing Processes
Even if only crude drugs that have passed Tsumura standards are used, there are still inconsistencies with components (lower left table). By accumulating and managing data pertaining to the components contained in each crude drug lot, we are able to further optimize the balance of components in the manufacture of formulations. Formulations manufactured by minimizing changes in the components of the extricated extract, required the development of a proprietary production line as well as computers to control each formulation. This is how we realized a consistent final product (lower right table).
Crude drug production information Producer information Cultivation history History of agrochemical-use Preparation and processing history
Shipment history
Crude drug quality information Physics and chemistry testing Agrochemical residue testing Microbial testing Heavy metal testing etc.
                 (%)
100 80 60 40 20
Peony acceptance test results (degree of deviation from the average peony florin content) Total number of lots 401
TSUMURA Shakuyakukanzoto (degree (%) of deviation from the average peony florin 100 content) Total number of lots 310
Products that conform to Tsumura’s quality criteria
Traceability
Only use for products that meet both GACP and quality testing
Shipment testing Acceptance testing
Accumulate and manage data on crude drug components for each lot that was inspected Knowhow cultivated over many years
Tsumura proprietary manufacturing line Manufacturing processes controlled by computers in accordance with formulation design for each Kampo formulation
Formulations with consistency
Kampo powdered extracts
Environment
  80 60 40 20
        00
  -20
-40
-60
-80
-100
2007- 2010
-20 -40 -60 -80 -100
              ESG
2011- 2014
2015-
2018 (Year)
2017 2018 *May-December 2017
(Year)
  Reduce environmental impact in crude
drug cultivation areas
Tsumura Crude Drug GACP strictly defines the agrochemicals and fertilizers that can be used. We are contributing to the reduction of environmental impact in crude drug cultivation areas through proper soil management, which is based on the concept that the “quality of Kampo products begins with crude drug production.”
Raising peony seedlings (Hokkaido)
50