 Human Resources
The Tsumura Group provides educational opportunities for each level from the perspectives of [people], [organization] and [management] and is supporting the independent career development of employees.Tsumura Human Resource Development Policy
Foster a corporate culture that develops people capable of growing on their own
   We shall provide practical training opportunities for human resources committed to learning and growing on their own.
We shall clearly define the ideal human resources Tsumura envisions and the desired skills, bolster educational opportunities, and create frameworks for self-driven learning.
People
We shall foster an education-based mind-set with a focus on management personnel in order to facilitate the development of people capable of growing on their own.
Training of subordinates will be positioned among the most important tasks for managers, and a mind-set of motivating and cultivating subordinates through their work will be fostered.
Organization
We shall develop frameworks that allow for the ongoing cultivation of diverse human resources capable of supporting management.
Training for junior employees will be tailored to reinforcing Tsumura’s human resource foundation
as frameworks are developed to cultivate future management candidates at all levels of the organization.
Management              General manager
      Training points
Early training for human resources that are in charge of philosophy-based management
Strengthen training to build a foundation for Tsumura employees during the first three years after joining the company Acquire the capabilities required for higher grades before promotion
Strengthen training for global human resources Support independent learning and growth
Hito-tsumu-navi website
Strengthen the mindset for training subordinates Foster a coaching culture in collaboration with the Tsumura Academy Office
Implement 1-on-1 coaching
Share training plans (Superior–employee–HR Department)
Systematic training in collaboration with the Tsumura Academy Office
Three-year training program for each level through hands-on experience
Position OJT as basic human resources training
Special training in collaboration with the Human Resources Department, various divisions and departments
  Hito-tsumu-navi was launched as a platform related to human resources training at Tsumura. The purpose is to provide and support learning opportunities for each employee so that they realize their career vision.
51
Related SDGs
  Basic management course Candidates for management
    Section head
Upper management
 Advance
Entry-level mid-level management
    Specialist
Evaluator
Employees promoted to mid-level management
   Mid-level employee
Management
Basic Mid-level employee
 Leadership
    Young employees
First to third year after joining company
  Selection type Application type Mandatory type
   At time of joining company
Unofficial candidates for new employees
Follow-up of mid-career hires at time of joining company
Young employeesOur STRATEGY
Acquire specialized knowledge/skills On-the-job training (OJT)
Support programs for superiors
(support to maximize the benefits of training juniors receive)
Training subordinates
Support for self-development (e-learning, outside open lectures, etc.) Global training (support language training, etc.)
Internal leadership Activities to empower female employees
Career training
Support acquisition of business fundamentals
 Comfortable workplace
environment
In the first action plan for empowering women, the theme was improving comfort in the workplace. We established a work environment that included conducting interviews with female MRs prior to and during maternity leave, and allowing nursery school pick-up/drop-off by company vehicle. The result was
a substantial improvement in evaluations of a comfortable workplace in the internal survey. Taking this into account, second action plan is tackling the theme of total success of employees- improving job satisfaction and demonstrating potential. The ultimate goal is true diversity and inclusion, so that all employees are rewarded and able to fully exert their skills.
COVID-19 measures and workstyle reforms
Workstyles are drastically changing due to impact from the spread of COVID-19.
Tsumura initiated a “work from home” program from March 2020, placing priority on maintaining a stable supply to ensure patients received the Tsumura products that were indispensable to them. We are implementing full-fledged measures to prevent infection among all our employees. At our plants, we are continuing to carry out manufacturing while implementing strict management and
Topics
We are participating in the Shanghai Career Forum, the only Japanese- Chinese bilingual job-hunting event, as we aim to secure global personnel from fiscal 2020. Naturally our goal is to secure human resources but
another aim is to fortify the name recognition of the Tsumura brand in China by using a student network.
2015 2016 2017
16 14 12
17 27 32
0 1 2
17 26 30
100 100 100
2018 2019
20 22
21 48
1 5
20 43
100 100
100 100
0.95 0.98
TSUMURA Integrated Report 2020
   Executive Officer, Head of Human Resources
Shuji Sugawara
Message
Tsumura established a long-term business vision in which it aims to be the “People” Company. The Company is undertaking the development of human resources who are trusted by all and open
their own new paths. Furthermore, in the third medium-term management plan, we have positioned “Fostering a Corporate Culture through Philosophy-Based Management and Developing Diverse Human Resources” as a strategic challenge. We are pushing forward the building of a system for the continuous training of diverse human resources that support management.
Specifically, we advocate a human resources training policy to foster a corporate culture that develops people capable of growing on their own. We will provide and support training that closely follows human resource training, organizational development, and the training program for next-generation candidates for management from the time they join the company. Also, in tandem with the progress being made in Chinese operations, we will further strengthen our language support system, not only for Chinese but also for other voluntary language studies, and aim to develop global human resources.
Given the harsh changes in the environment, we require employees that think for themselves, make decisions for themselves, and take action for themselves in order for the Company to achieve sustainable growth. There are five elements that describe the type of people, the ideal individual that Tsumura seeks. The five elements are “aspiration/passion,” “sense of mission,” “professionalism,” “independence,” and “altruism.” These should be kept mind so that we can ultimately reform our organizational and corporate cultures, which will contribute to the realization of our vision. As for
the company’s future, we are supporting each and every employee so that they act with a sense of ownership and not have the attitude that only management needs to think about the future.
  Fiscal year
Number of employees that acquired maternity leave (people)
Number of employees that acquired childcare leave (people)
Males (people)
Females (people)
Ratio of employees that returned to duty after taking childcare leave (%)
     Ratio of female managers that returned 100 to duty after taking childcare leave (%)
100 100
0.70 0.90
 Turnover ratio (excluding employees reaching retirement age) (%)
1.33
 restrictions on admission to plant sites. At present, the times we
are living in are being referred to at “With COVID-19.” From the perspective of continuing to prevent the spread of COVID-19, we will continue to implement a working system that is based on the premise of our employees working from home. Meanwhile, while restricting the number of employees that come to work, we are dealing with the needs of individuals that do come to work to ensure they can carry out their duties efficiently. This includes switching to the use of free email addresses at desks, installing acrylic panels between desks, and fortifying our system to make it capable for various operations, including carry out online conferences.
  Reasons why unofficial candidates choose to join Tsumura
 Appeal of employees
that work at Tsumura 44%
Company businesses
and vision 25%
Potential of Kampo formulations and 22% Kampo medicine
Other 9%
Survey
of new employees in 2020
   52
Our STRATEGY

The Kampo Value Chain
   Tsumura Academy Dean Terukazu Kato
Tsumura Academy
The Company has established the Tsumura Academy within its walls as a training institute for employees. The President Kato serves as dean of the Tsumura Academy.
The Tsumura Academy has two major functions.
The first function is training management. This function is accomplished through the planning and implementation of systematic training programs by internal and external lecturers for management personnel and management candidates (those with the potential to become future management personnel). We aim to continuously produce management personnel that will implement philosophy-based management by executing a succession plan (training program for candidates for an executive position).
Another purpose of the academy is to instill the philosophy throughout the Tsumura Group as well as
to aim to foster a coaching culture and business etiquette. In addition, the corporate culture cultivation function includes a program to enhance the basic skills which are the premise upon which this is built. This function thereby furnishes the foundations necessary for the exercise of Tsumura’s corporate philosophy.
Diagram of programs at the Tsumura Academy
 Position
Member of the Board Executive Officer
General Manager
Division head Chief Section head General Staff
Training management
IntervQiew
Fostering corporate culture
Dean of the Tsumura Academy: President Kato
  Seminars to nurture basic skills (Liberal arts) Social Natural Environment
    Management performance seminar
 Instilling philosophy Off-site meeting
 Coaching lectures
 Analects School (Rongo-juku)
 Rijihouon-juku (General Manager gratitude repayment school)
 Basic management course Third year Second year
First year
                     Companywide
  Tsumura Academy newsletter (Letter from the Dean) Letter from Lecturers (Leader)
From the Tsumura Academy Office/Images of various lectures
Disseminated companywide via intranet/free browsing of the library
  Executive Officer, Manager of Tsumura Academy
Ryoichi Murata
  Q Unique initiatives of the Tsumura Academy Vision (policy) aimed for by
to “train candidates for management” and “foster corporate culture”
The second medium-term management plan, a roadmap for realizing the vision of becoming a “People” company, focused
on establishing a training system to develop professionals
and establishment of a university inside the company. As one achievement, the Tsumura Academy was established in January 2019. We are developing a program based on the establishment of a system to develop “people” that will continue to support philosophy-based management, as set forth in the third medium- term management plan. This is a three-year program for training candidates as the next-generation of management. Each year we set goals for learning and then implementing the rules and principles of management and philosophy-based management. We have selected, trained, and assigned human resources. Over a three-year period, 56 employees have participated.
In “fostering corporate culture”, we are establishing programs such as instilling philosophy, nurturing a coaching culture, business etiquette, and the Rongo-juku. By learning, and independently thinking about and implementing the basic rules and principles, an organization can be developed, which enhances team strength and produces results. The team of instructors invite external instructors with whom our corporate philosophy and the Tsumura Academy’s ideas resonate. In addition, training of in-house instructors is also underway.
the Tsumura Academy in the medium/long term
The Tsumura-DNA pyramid
comprises the most fundamental
and most important principles of the
“management that is rooted in basic
principles” preached by Tsumura. We plan
to achieve the medium-term management plan to
realize our vision based on philosophies that should be shared within the Group by individuals, which are the foundation
of the organization, while maintaining the basic tone for the corporate attitude and corporate culture. The role of Tsumura Academy is to guide employee’s thinking into action.
The Tsumura Group aims to instill its basic philosophy (corporate philosophy/company mission) throughout the entire Tsumura Group. This is the first step of philosophy-based management. The academy works to continuously produce candidates for management that are capable of implementing philosophy-based management. In addition, it aims to foster a corporate culture where, as a member of society, employees do good work which contributes to promoting the health
of patients and customers. By conducting lectures, job assignments and dialogue, we aim to develop an organization that can increase the potential of each individual and demonstrate results.
53
 Our STRATEGY

TSUMURA Integrated Report 2020
Training of candidates for
management
At Tsumura Academy, we select a certain number of candidates for next-generation management and lay the foundation for continuously producing management candidates using a systematic program. In addition, by relocating employees in collaboration with the Human Resources Department, we are giving them a role that leads to the accumulation of important management issues, knowledge and experience. Furthermore, we are confirming via assessment, whether an employee has capabilities to demonstrate his/her potential.
Selection phase
Assessment Evaluation
candidates for
Fostering corporate culture
Activities to instill corporate philosophy
A meeting is held off-site on instilling the corporate philosophy. This is an opportunity for thinking and having awareness through dialogue for each participant regarding sharing management philosophy and continually fulfilling the company’s corporate mission.
First, directors should set an example. Using the executive officer meeting as a starting point, line managers, from Division heads to section heads, are participating. As of August 2020, this was implemented by executive officers four times.
In addition, as a way to instill the corporate philosophy, we repeat and share the philosophy-based management framework so participants are able to talk about the organization on their own.
Coaching lectures
We are holding lectures related to coaching with the goal of organizational development and nurturing a corporate culture that trains human resources through coaching. The lectures aim to develop independent employees that think and act on their own, which we aim to instill as part of our corporate culture. At the same time, this is an opportunity to create a team that produces results by considering and establishing an ideal image of the coach, mindset, and way of thinking through dialogue. Furthermore, this year, which is the second year since we started these lectures, a theme will be set that contributes to organizational development, and through dialogue, branch managers, sales chiefs and section heads will find their own answers and clarify practical actions in the workplace.
Nurturing basic human skills
Seminars to nurture basic human skills are regularly held. Participants learn about the universal principles of the people, society and natural environment. Applicants, from directors to employees, can participate in the Rongo-juku (school for classical analects) where they read the analects out loud. Furthermore, during the lectures, opportunities are given to participants to conduct dialogue among themselves.
Tough assignment
management
Positioning Development Development program
Assignment
Selection resource pool
   Human resource
Human selection
 Development phase
Training program for management
We designed a systematic program to
train candidates for management to
implement philosophy-based
management. The following is the
primary composition of the program.
We conduct a basic management
course, which consists of a series of
programs held over three years, and a management performance seminar, which is carried out using a practical dialogue format based the theme of economic analysis and management philosophy.
Program composition
Development through lectures by the dean and lecturers, dialogues with other participants, drills, presentations and other exercises
Development of a historical viewpoint and vision of the future based on lectures from the dean himself on the rules and principles of management
Development of a management outlook (philosophy) to discuss and implement philosophy-based management using your own words
Learn about the fundamental culture required of management, including society, nature, and way of life
Every year, participants write a 10,000-character report from the perspective of being the company president and presents the report in front of all the directors
 Rules and principles of managementDean’s lectureView of managementBasic human skillsOutput Comment from a lecturer at the Tsumura Academy I believe that management is like a decathlon. At Tsumura,
a wide range of training, mainly at the Tsumura Academy, is conducted to develop management resources. In specific,
a program was created comprising of a management performance seminar, the Rijihouon-juku (General Manager gratitude repayment school), and a basic management
course. The program is being implemented for a wide range of management, including executive officers, general managers, Division heads, chiefs and section heads. There are also courses that span over a number of years. In this course, in addition to lectures, including those on management duties, strategy, leadership, and accounting and finance, analysis
of the macro-economy is also frequently carried out, and participants are asked to read the Nikkei, a daily financial newspaper, every day. Furthermore, participants are required to read many books on the themes of each lecture and are asked to make presentations from time to time. In addition, employees
Komiya Consultants Representative Director & CEO
Kazuyoshi Komiya
participating in the basic management course prepare a 10,000 character report on the theme of a vision for Tsumura 10 years from now. The participants then conduct a presentation based on their report. The purpose of this is to specifically think about the current issues being confronted by Tsumura, future issues and solutions to solve said issues. The principal (president) is in charge of conducting 10 lectures every year. It can be said that practical management training is being carried out based on the company’s philosophy and vision.