Compliance
Compliance Promotion Frameworks and Systems
Compliance/Risk Management
Related SDGs
  Based on the Tsumura Code of Conduct, which is our guiding principle for the way we conduct business activities, we have formulated the Tsumura Compliance Program Regulations. Policies for promoting compliance at the Tsumura Group are examined and set by the Compliance Committee based on the findings of annual surveys and compliance incidents that have occurred inside and outside of the Group. After the policies set by the committee are reported to the Board of Directors, these policies are presented with accompanying instructions to business units and Group companies so that they can be implemented at workplaces.
Tsumura Compliance Program
As part of our efforts to ensure thorough compliance throughout the Group, we hold regular forums for exchanging relevant information among representatives from domestic and overseas Group companies. In addition, we have implemented an internal whistle-blowing system with the aim of quickly identifying and correcting any compliance issues that may arise within the Group. Reports made through this system are periodically reported to the president, who is also the chief compliance officer, as well as to all directors.
Compliance Promotion System Chief Compliance OfficerDirectors in Charge of ComplianceDepartment in Charge of Compliance (Legal / Compliance Control Department) Personnel in charge of promoting compliance
Department
Personnel in charge of promoting compliance
Department
Personnel in charge of promoting compliance
DepartmentTsumura Code of ConductTsumura Compliance Program RegulationsCompliance CommitteeCompliance Promotion SystemTsumura Group HotlineRisk Management Systems
Provisions Related to Information Management
The Group communicates the Basic Information Management Regulations and other internal rules regarding information management throughout its organization in order to ensure the appropriate and effective management of information assets. Specific provisions for enhancing information management include information management and information security training for officers and employees as well as compulsory printing of unique identification numbers on all printed materials.
Provisions Related to Risk Management
In its risk management practices, the Group takes steps to confirm the status of initiatives for addressing management risks as well as the necessary measures for responding to risks that may materialize in the future. Such confirmation is carried out through risk meetings between the division responsible for risk management (the General Affairs Department) and relevant
operating divisions and members of senior management
at Group companies and through meetings of the Risk Management Committee and the Risk Management Promotion Committee. The Group has also established a business continuity plan (BCP) to further strengthen crisis management initiatives and to ensure that operations can be restored in the event of an emergency. The BCP describes its purpose and basic policies, the scope of application for management under the plan, provisions pertaining to strategies and evaluations
of the impacts of emergency situations, business continuity measures, and business restoration procedures. We are preparing a business continuity management (BCM) system to promptly and accurately respond should risks occur. In addition, we have updated our disaster response and portable disaster preparedness manuals, which are being utilized in disaster preparedness drill at various Group bases.
 65
Risk Factors
1 Medical Systems
In Japan, the fortification of measures to cut medical costs is being carried out underpinned by fiscal pressures due in part to soaring medical costs in tandem with progress in the low-birth rate/aging population and reflecting more sophisticated healthcare. The schedule for the Council on Economic and Fiscal Policy includes agenda indicating a continued increase in movements to curb medical costs, including a review of benefits and financial burden. To address the change in this environment, the Tsumura Group repeatedly made efforts, including measures to respond to the strengthening of policy to reduce pharmaceutical costs and spreading understanding of the value of Kampo formulations. In addition, we are collaborating with industry organizations while making recommendations to related government agencies to continue to supply prescription Kampo formulations which play an important role in national healthcare.
The Tsumura Group is tackling the reduction of its cost of sales and improving its distribution efficiency. However, should the government move to implement measures that further curb medical costs, including a reform to the NHI drug price system, there is a possibility of negative impact to the Group’s earnings performance and financial position.
In addition, in the event of addition cost burden due to
stricter regulations in Japan and abroad on pharmaceutical development and manufacturing, or the non-conformity of products with regulations, or an unexpected turnaround in policy on large-scale healthcare administration, there is a possibility of negative impact to earnings performance and financial position. Through the build-up of evidence backing prescription Kampo products and its Kampo enlightenment program for general consumers, the Tsumura Group will continue to conduct activities to widen the recognition of Kampo formulations as a pharmaceutical necessary for national healthcare.
2 Product Supply
The Group’s social standing or performance could be negatively affected should the supply of products be interrupted or delayed due to any of the circumstances described below.
(1) Risk related to the procurement of crude drugs,
secondary raw materials and materials
The Kampo and crude drug businesses, which use crude drugs as their primary raw material, are the businesses of Tsumura Group companies. Many crude drugs are natural products therefore to steadily secure safe crude drugs, we are building ample inventory volume, increasing crude drug suppliers in Japan and abroad, and continuing to expand Cultivated Land under Own Management*1 based on a long-term demand forecast for Kampo formulations. However, in the event of unexpected irregular weather or natural disasters, there is a possibility we may not be able to secure necessary quantities of crude drugs and could potentially post an impairment loss on crude drugs being cultivated.
We import about 80% of its crude drugs from China. We are undertaking an expansion of crude drug production in Japan
to ensure stable supply of Kampo formulations. Moreover, to
also secure manufacturing sites for Kampo powdered extracts
in China, we are establishing a system that addresses import regulations for crude drugs that arise due to changes in laws and regulations, including those related to trade, and shifts in political and economic conditions. However, there is a possibility of impact to product supply should there be a change in the scope of laws and regulations, including those related to trade, and shifts in political and economic conditions that exceed forecasts.
We are procuring secondary raw materials and materials used
in the product manufacturing process in Japan and abroad. We are building a purchasing system that enables us to purchase from several suppliers. In accordance with demand forecasts, we are carrying out flexible procurement. However, sharply unstable distribution, including supply and demand, that arises due to natural disasters and unstable social conditions, could negatively impact product supply resulting from a shortage of secondary raw materials and materials and there is possibility of negative impact to our earnings performance and financial position during to soaring market prices.
(2) Risk related to manufacturing and distribution
The Tsumura Group maintains a decentralized manufacturing system comprising two manufacturing sites in Japan, the Ibaraki and Shizuoka Plants, and one site in China, SHANGHAI TSUMURA PHARMACEUTICALS CO., LTD. We are aiming to build a system that facilitates a shift in manufacturing items. In addition, we have introduced a quake absorbing and quake resistant structure at our manufacturing facilities in Japan. We also possess two distribution centers, product supply sites: one in East Japan and another in West Japan. We are building a system that will ensure stable supply. Nonetheless, there is a possibility of negative impact to product supply due to a decline or loss of functions triggered by disasters, including a large-scale earthquake or fire, or the loss of power. In addition, we have fire insurance to cover damage to inventory or to repair facilities damaged in a fire. In the event of
a fire that exceeds expectations, there is a possibility of negative impact to our earnings performance and financial position.
3 Product Safety and Adverse Reactions
We are nurturing the Tsumura Quality Culture*2, a policy which emphasizes quality to improve our reliability by pursuing quality and safety in all of the Tsumura Group’s products, as a set of values that is aligned with our management philosophy. The foundation of this policy is built on the enactment of regulations for the Tsumura Quality Management System, which aims to achieve conformity with quality control standards in Japan and other regions,
and to further enhance our quality policy. We are undertaking measures that focus on quality for products that are proprietarily manufactured and those for which manufacturing is outsourced. Furthermore, regulations pertaining to the TSUMURA Good Agricultural and Collection Practice (TSUMURA GACP*3) for crude drugs have been implemented to further solidify the Company’s crude drug safety and quality assurance system. Owing to these actions, Tsumura has developed a proprietary integrated system to control the entire process for producing Kampo products—from the procurement of raw material crude drugs and establishment of suitable manufacturing methods and equipment for producing Kampo extracts to the supervision of manufacturing, implementation of quality control, and release onto the market. By implementing a rigorous quality management system, we ensure the quality of finished Kampo products. However, we cannot guarantee that we will completely avoid defects or safety issues due to some reason including the possibility of residual agrochemicals and chemical substances
on crude drugs. In addition, should consumers experience unexpected adverse reactions from a pharmaceutical product marketed by the Tsumura Group or suffer damage to their health from products other than pharmaceutical products, the existing methods of use may be restricted, and a loss of confidence in the Group and its pharmaceutical products may result in a drop in the dispensation of our medicines or in patients’ refusal to take them. The Tsumura Group’s performance may suffer if a situation such as those described above results in a decline in sales volume,
TSUMURA Integrated Report 2020
 *1 Cultivated Land under Own Management refers to land with regard to which Tsumura can provide direct cultivation guidance and maintain an understanding of cultivation costs, based on which it can set crude drug procurement prices.
*2 Tsumura Quality Culture: Our policy of emphasizing quality to improve our reliability by pursuing quality and safety in all of the Tsumura Group’s products, and a situation in which all employees understand the corporate philosophy and use it as the basis for their values, judgements, and actions.
*3 GACP Good Agricultural and Collection Practice
66

demand for large amounts of damage compensation, or a large- scale recall, among other possibilities.
4 International Business
The Tsumura Group engages in manufacturing and sales activities in China and other overseas countries and regions.
In the Chinese business, to fortify our corporate management functions, we established Tsumura China Inc. Based on our partnership with the Ping An Insurance Group in China, we aim to become a company that widely contributes to the health
of the citizens of China by maximizing the use of our Group technologies and knowhow.
We are considering acquisitions and partnerships with companies that possess sales and manufacturing licenses as we have entered operations in China. To select and execute an acquisition, the Tsumura Group is targeting companies with whom its corporate philosophy sufficiently resonate, and is doing its best to avoid acquisition/partnership risks in part by conducting detailed preliminary inspections of the target company or business’s financial position and business transactions. However, there
is a possibility of contingent debt or unconfirmed debt being uncovered after an acquisition or alliance is formed. In addition, we may not be able to generate synergies going forward based on the currently expected business value or business integration. Accordingly, we may not achieve the future earnings strength initially expected, in which case there is a possibility of negative impact to the Group’s earnings performance.
In addition, it is possible for the Group to be negatively affected by unforeseeable changes in legal regulations or in political, economic, or other conditions.
5 Research and Development
In the interest of future growth and better corporate performance, the Tsumura Group makes scientific evidence accumulation efforts and conducts R&D activities related to new products and new technologies both in Japan and abroad. However, we cannot guarantee that all of these activities will be successful. The Group’s performance could suffer if, for some reason, R&D activities were canceled or delayed or if costs increased significantly.
In the US, activities are being carried out with the goal of
acquiring approval and launching Daikenchuto as a prescription pharmaceutical. Should schedule delays and larger-than-expected costs arise for some reason, there is a possibility of negative impact to the Group’s earnings performance and financial position.
6 Intellectual Property
We cannot guarantee the full protection of the intellectual property owned by the Group in relation to Kampo products. By thoroughly implementing information management based on company regulations, the Tsumura Group will adequately protect intellectual assets, technological knowhow and other intellectual properties by managing locks for places where confidential information is stored, restricting access to certain individuals, and restricting the number of people who possess vital knowhow. In addition, the Group
will properly manage intellectual properties by acquiring patents mainly for newly-developed technologies and new products, and acquisition of industrial property rights, primarily trademarks, and is paying attention to infringements by third parties. However, should a third party infringe on these rights, there is a possibility of a decline in competitiveness and negative impact to the Group’s ability to secure earnings. In addition, in the operation of businesses, a preliminary survey is conducted of the intellectual properties belong to other companies, including confirmation of prior trademarks
and prior patents mainly for newly introduced technologies. We
are working to ensure that these types of infringements do not occur. However, there is a possibility of negative impact to the earnings performance and financial position of the Group due to disputes over intellectual property rights.
7 Human Resources
In the Kampo business for which there is no model to build
on worldwide, the Group aims to become a corporate group comprising people with professional skills who can independently pave the way forward for our Kampo business and who are trusted by all. Human resources*4 are the most vital capital of Tsumura as they continually drive the company’s growth. We are focusing on the hiring and training of these human resources.
We strategically implement hiring in line with our corporate strategy. We are also looking to secure global personnel to develop our business in China. The Tsumura Group is enacting the Tsumura Human Resource Development Policy and has also set up the Tsumura Academy, with the goal of nurturing personnel for management in accordance with the Group’s philosophy. We are currently developing diverse personnel. The Tsumura Quality Culture* defines the values that are linked to the exercise of our corporate value. We are diligently working to cultivate such a culture. However, in the event we are not able
to systematically secure necessary personnel or to train them, there is a possibility of negative impact to the business activities, earnings performance and financial position of the Group.
The Tsumura Group complies with various laws and ordinances. Going forward, should measures be insufficient, including dealing with the expected decline in the working population, the diversification and growing complexity of the labor environment, occupational safety and health and harassment, there is a possibility of negative impact to the social credibility, earnings performance and financial position of the Group.
8 Competition
Prescription Kampo formulations, the earnings pillar of the Tsumura Group, has held its competitive edge in the domestic market for many years. This reflects stable procurement of safe and secure crude drugs, steady supply of prescription Kampo formulations that have a high uniformity, and the collection of evidence on safety and efficacy. We are continuing to promote various measures in this area. In addition, MRs provide information face-to-face and also respond to the expectations of medical practitioners by supplying information over the Internet. However, there is a possibility of negative impact to the earnings performance and financial position of the Group due to intensified competition in the event of other pharmaceutical companies entering the prescription Kampo formulation market in Japan and abroad.
9 Exchange Rate Fluctuations
Given we import from China, the Tsumura Group takes into account foreign exchange rate fluctuations when importing crude drugs, the primary raw material for the Kampo products we sell, and when importing Kampo powdered extracts, uses forward contracts to alleviate risk. However, in the event of a major fluctuation in the foreign exchange market, there is a possibility of negative impact to the earnings performance and financial position of the Group.
In addition, given the conversion to yen when preparing consolidated financial statements using the financial statements of overseas subsidiaries which are denominated in local currencies, a major fluctuation in the foreign exchange market could possibly have a negative impact on the earnings performance and financial position of the Group.
10 Finance
The following financial factors could potentially negatively impact the earnings performance and financial position of the Tsumura Group. (1) Risk related to retirement benefit obligations
The Tsumura Group’s employee retirement benefit costs
and retirement benefit obligations are calculated based on assumptions set for posting actuarial difference, including discounts, and the long-term, expected rate of return for pension assets. In the event of a gap between actual results and assumptions due in part to a drop in share prices or a change
in the discount rate, or in the event of revisions to assumption,
Compliance/Risk Management
67

there is a possibility of negative impact to the earnings performance and financial position of the Group.
(2) Fundraising risk
Given the Tsumura Group carries out the manufacture and sales of pharmaceuticals, required capital is procured via
bank borrowings or bond issuances according to capital expenditure plans. However, there is a possibility the Group will have difficulties procuring capital based on its own terms, due to factors such as a deterioration in the market environment, including interest rates, and changes to its credit rating.
(3) Debt guarantee risk
The Tsumura Group signed a debt guarantee contract with a financial institution for a portion of debt obligations at an affiliate. Going forward, should an incident arise requiring the execution of this debt guarantee, there is a possibility of negative impact to the earnings performance, financial position and social credibility of the Tsumura Group.
(4) Risk of price fluctuation for marketable securities
The Tsumura Group holds marketable securities with a risk
of price fluctuation. Although steps are taken in advance to alleviate this risk, price volatility in the financial markets could possibly have a negative impact on the earnings performance and financial position of the Group.
11 Taxation
The operating companies that make up the Tsumura Group calculate taxes based on the tax laws of their respective country of residence and properly pay their taxes. However, should there be revisions to the taxation system in the respective country
or a difference in opinion with regulatory authorities when filing taxes, there is a possibility of negative impact to the earnings performance and financial position of the Group.
In addition, the Tsumura Group is working to comply with the transfer pricing taxation system where it is applied. However, should a difference of opinion arise with tax authorities in the respective country, or additional tax be levied or double taxation be implemented, there is a possibility of negative impact to the earnings performance and financial position of the Group.
12 Environment
The Tsumura Group contributes to value creation and to the realization of a sustainable society through its Kampo value chain, based on the premise that the group observes laws and regulations pertaining to the environment. In accordance with this Sustainability Vision, we are working to preserve the natural environment. This includes measures such as switching to container materials with a low environmental impact, domestication of wild crude drugs, the reduce of water use, and the promotion of recycling. However, in the event corporate activities cause soil, water or other pollution which triggers an issue, including legal violations, there is a possibility Tsumura will have to pay a fine, including administrative surcharge payment, fines for criminal proceedings, or damages for a civil lawsuit. Should these incidents arise, there is a possibility of negative impact to the earnings performance, financial position and social credibility of the Tsumura Group.
13 Lawsuits
At present there are no lawsuits that would have a serious impact on the Tsumura Group. However, there is a possibility that various lawsuits could be brought up against the Tsumura Group. This includes adverse effects of prescription drugs, including Kampo, damage to a consumer’s heath, product liability, labor issues, infringement of intellectual property, breach of contract, and environmental pollution. Depending on these trends or results, there is a possibility of negative impact to the earnings performance, financial position and social credibility of the Tsumura Group.
14 IT information management
The Tsumura Group utilizes various IT systems for its corporate activities, including a large scale production system. The Group
is adequately investing in reinforcing these IT systems, including for full-fledged data protection, as a safeguard against system troubles. The Group has put a Business Continuity Plan (BCP) in place and is implementing emergency drills to minimize impact even if an incident should occur that obstruct the execution of duties due to an IT system malfunction triggered by a disaster, including large-scale earthquake or fire, and power outage. There is a possibility that business operations cannot be adequately performed due to a system malfunction due to a disaster that exceeds expectations.
The Group communicates the Basic Information Management Regulations and other internal rules regarding information management throughout its organization and fortifying information management to ensure appropriate and effective management of information assets. However, we cannot guarantee we will completely avoid all risks, including a system shutdown or leak of confidential information due to a cyber attack by a malicious third party or due to carelessness or an error on the part of an employee or other party.
Should these incidents arise, there is a possibility of negative impact to the earnings performance, financial position and social credibility of the Tsumura Group.
15 Internal control
The Tsumura Group is carrying out full-fledged maintenance, operation and conformance for internal control systems, including internal control of financial data based on the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act, and strengthening risk management. In addition, the Company is implementing measures, including the establishment of standards and operations for internal control
to ensure that there is no human error in operations, no legal violations by insiders, and no scandals.
However, there is a possibility of negative impact to the Group’s earnings performance, financial position and social credibility,
in the event the internal control system does not function effectively, an incident that renders it impossible to secure the efficiency and effectiveness of operations and the credibility of financial reporting, and illegal actions/scandals that increase operating cost to recover credibility or potentially lead to an increase in man-hours in each department.
16 Other risks
Owing to the global spread of COVID-19, the Tsumura Group
set up an emergency response headquarters, with the president at the helm, prior to the Japanese government’s declaration of
a state of emergency. We placed priority on the safety of our employees and their families, medical practitioners and suppliers. We set forth basic policy to continue the steady supply of pharmaceuticals, including Kampo products. Based on this policy, the Group’s production related department carried out business as usual in accordance with measures in the Business Continuity Plan (BCP). Meanwhile, employees in other departments, in principle, worked from home. We also implemented other measures to prevent infections and to stop the spread of the disease, including cancelling or postponing briefings or events, and prohibiting unnecessary visits and meetings.
In addition, after the state of emergency was lifted, we put a work attendance system in place with measures for preventing infection in stages, including practicing social distancing at work, working from home, and staggered shifts. We are also activity addressing the “new normal” in preparation for the impact of COVID-19 to be prolonged. However, there is a possibility that business operations will not be properly executed due to an unexpected spread of COVID-19. This could potentially have
a negative impact on the Group’s earnings performance and financial position.
*4 The Tsumura Group considers all members of its workforce and management team to be its “treasure,” and therefore writes the Japanese word for “human resources” with the character meaning “treasure.”