Creation of Social Value through Crude Drug Cultivation
The Tsumura Group’s ability to procure crude drugs is supported by the efforts of more than 10,000 producers.
The source of the competitive edge in Tsumura’s Kampo business is its ties with production groups that were formed over many years. Focusing on future expansion in product demand, the company is working to continue and optimize these ties.
Tsumura is undertaking solutions to social issues, mainly by contributing to the stability of the lives of agricultural workers
and to regional revitalization, as well as the preservation of the abundant environment which nurtures medicinal plants, which are the raw material for crude drugs.
Example of contribution to the Tsumura Group’s regional revitalization
Support the implementation of a business model that is a forerunner of the sixth industry
Contribute to an expansion in employment opportunities for differently abled individuals
Tosa Tsumura’s Forest—preservation of the environment for crude drug cultivation land and education for the next generation In areas surrounding cultivation land in Laos, carrying out bomb disposal, support the construction of schools and establish infrastructure

Along with Manufacturers
- Contribute to improving quality of life through the cultivation of crude drugs -
The Chinese government is pouring energies into policies to improve living standards in impoverished areas. Many people residing in mountainous areas where crude drugs are cultivated live in poverty. The Tsumura Group is tackling issues common to the Kampo and crude drug businesses.
Here are examples of contributions to improving the quality of living standards of producers in China.
Domestication of wild Chinese rhubarb (da-huang)
Aba, Zoige, Sichuan Province, the location of Tuan Jie Cun, a village which serves as a Chinese rhubarb (da-huang) cultivation base, is a production area that has been abundant with wild Chinese rhubarb since olden times.
In partnership with local companies, a project was carried out
to undertake the cultivation of wild Chinese rhubarb in this
area. Accordingly, Tsumura built a series of industrial chains for cultivation, harvesting and processing. The number of producers has also increased with the expansion of the area under cultivation. As a result, annual salaries per given area also substantially rose for farmers. At present, we are working to stabilize our harvest yield by further expanding the acreage being cultivated. Moreover, in line with this, there has been a decline in excessive harvesting of wild Chinese rhubarb. This is a successful example of contribution to protection of the environment.
This achievement was highly evaluated by the Chinese government. Aba provided support in the form of subsidies to the Chinese rhubarb cultivation as an industry that helps the eradication of poverty. In addition, special support funds were distributed to expand the scale of the Tuan Jie Cun crude drug processing plant.

Creating a new industry
- Construction of a large-scale ginseng processing plant -
Since 2012, we have been constructing ginseng cultivation base jointly with China Medico, a subsidiary of China Medico Technology.
China Medico established Baishan Lincun Traditional Chinese Medicines Development Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as Hakusan Hayashimura), which boasts the largest scale for ginseng processing and storage scale in China, in Jingyu County, Baishan City, Jilin Province as a leader of ginseng. Jingyu, Baishan, Jilin Province, where ginseng is cultivated, is an area with a high rate
of poverty in China. The plant created many jobs and contributed to improving the quality of life for people by bringing economic benefits to the local community.
We will implement our strict quality control and traceability system in ginseng production. This will also contribute to the brand strength of Changbaishan ginseng, including the acquisition of
a group standard owing to certification by the association for traditional Chinese medicine in China for producing pollution-free ginseng medicinal materials and crude drug pieces compared with the maximum residue limits for agrochemicals, heavy metals and hazardous elements. These initiatives have been highly evaluated and supported by Baishan and Jingyu, and have become an ideal model for a sustainable regional industry.
*See page 28
Environment | Social Realize sustainable farming
- Upland cultivation of ginseng -
Baishan Lincun Traditional Chinese Medicines Development Co., Ltd. (Baishan Lincun), which became a part of the Tsumura Group in 2020, is undertaking the artificial cultivation of ginseng in Jilin and Liaoning since 2016.
Traditionally, ginseng has been cultivated in forest areas in tandem with deforestation activities. However, due to the Chinese government’s measures to protect natural forests, the area permitted for deforestation is gradually decreasing. Consequently, Baishan Lincun is shifting to cultivation in the fields.
The implementation of upland cultivation will reduce over- cutting of forests and lead to the preservation of forests and related biodiversity.
In addition, for producers, upland cultivation facilitates systematic management and also stabilizes cost in comparison with cultivation in forest areas. Furthermore, cultivation is conducted in a place with easier access than forest areas, therefore this is an advantage for employment. It is expected to have a positive impact on the development of local communities and the economy.
The initiatives being carried out by Baishan Lincun are presenting a new trajectory by transforming traditional farming into sustainable agriculture through innovation.
  Interview
Industry, government and academia in Japan and China moving forward as one
  Baishan Lincun commenced research on upland cultivation in 2014, prior to the actual implementation of upland cultivation in 2016. With the support of the Chinese government, Jilin Province and others, we tackled the issues with upland cultivation through a collaboration mainly between the Institute of Chinese Material Medica, China Academy of Chinese Medical Sciences, Tsumura and China Medico Technology. Consequently, we established a successful
model through an industry-government-academia partnership. This included registration of the world’s first ginseng genome, the establishment of pollution- free ginseng cultivation standards, and the registration of ginseng varieties suited for upland cultivation.
At present, researchers continue to repeatedly strive on a daily basis to provide a solid scientific basis for upland cultivation. Moreover, by deepening ties with well-experienced producers, including dispatching researchers to other upland
Baishan Lincun Traditional Chinese Medicine Development Co., Ltd. CEO
Jin Shuyan
cultivation bases, we are constantly improving cultivation processes and production management techniques while building a win-win relationship that complements one another.
Our goal is to produce all our ginseng through artificial cultivation to achieve a stable supply of ginseng with consistent quality from the standpoint of both quantity and price. China is the world’s largest producer of ginseng. In China, we aim to establish an exemplary,
large-scale ginseng upland cultivation model
to set an industry standard that we will then spread worldwide.
As a member of the Tsumura Group, we will continue to develop the value of ginseng and contribute to the health of people around the world by continuously and stably supplying ginseng based on a high level of technology that matches the Chinese and international markets.