                                                                                                   CREDIT SAISON
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020
                                                                                          
 Management Philosophy
We will fulfill our corporate social responsibility by striving to meet
the expectations of all of our customers, shareholders, and business partners. We will compete successfully in the market by promoting our three shared values: practical implementation of the principles of customer satisfaction as a leading-edge service company; mutual respect for our interests and those of our business partners; and developing a corporate culture of creative innovation.
  The concept behind our logo
About the Company’s corporate colors
Saison Blue
Symbolizing people’s happiness and aspirations
Saison Green
Symbolizing trust, peace of mind, culture and innovation
     1

  41
11-Year Summary of Selected Financial Data
39
FINANCIAL INFORMATION
Responses to Risks/Opportunities
Segment Highlights
67
61
Special Feature: Incorporation of External Opinions and Knowledge to Improve Governance
70
Corporate Information/Investor Relations Information Responsible Officer’s Guarantee/Editor’s Postscript
Editorial Policy
Forward-looking Statements
Reporting Period
Credit Saison works diligently to provide its wide range of stakeholders including customers, shareholders and investors with accurate information in an equitable manner on a timely basis.
In addition to an overview of its operating results and financial standing , the Credit Saison Integrated Report 2020 contains non-financial information that covers a wide range of environmental, social and governance (ESG) as well as other fields. This report is intended to help our many stakeholders to better understand the Company’s efforts to create value over the medium and long term and ensure its sustainable growth.
This report contains information including details of the Company’s management plans, projections, strategies and estimates that are not historical facts. This information reflects the beliefs of management based on currently available information. Projections and forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. As a result, projections of future performance, the business environment and other forward-looking estimates might differ materially from actual results.
This Report covers the 2019 fiscal year (FY2019: April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020). Some activities in FY2020 are described as well.
69
68
Major Business Sales Bases List of Affiliated Companies
35
Financial Capital Strategy Special Feature: Value Co-Creation
54
Contributing to Society through
the Management of the Akagi Nature Park
31
29
Finance Business Global Business
53
52
Partnerships Regional Development
through Business
Contributing to the Environment and Society through Business Activities
65
Corporate Governance
Board of Directors/Audit & Supervisory Board Members/Executive Officers
27
25
Asset Management Business Digital Marketing
51
45
Human Resource Strategies Human Resources
CORPORATE DATA
23
21
Payment Business Solutions Business
43
19
STRATEGY
42
SUSTAINABILITY
Credit Saison’s ESG Management
55
57 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
17
Overview of the Medium-term Management Plan (FY2019–FY2021)
15
Credit Saison’s Value Creation Process Vision and Strategy
13
11
Message from the COO
A History of Reforms and Challenges
7
CONTENTS
3 VISION Message from the CEO
2

 VISION
Message from the CEO
Crises and constraints give rise to customer-supported innovation leading to success over the competition
Hiroshi Rinno Representative, Chairman and CEO
  3
 
    It is in uncertain times such as these that the essence of a company is put to the test
In last year’s Integrated Report, I mentioned that 2020 would likely become a landmark year in human history, similar to the Great Depression, which began in 1929. In fact, due to the pandemic caused by the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak, the movement of people, goods and money was stopped in its tracks; the supply chains and economies of each country, including automobile factories, were hit hard; and people were forced to transition to a so-called new normal lifestyle. Although the development of drugs and vaccines is being conducted with a sense
of urgency around the world, there are still no signs of
a global return to normalcy amid the second and third waves, and personal consumption is declining at a time when the future is clouded with uncertainty. Other factors include the preferential measures for cashless payments due to the consumption tax rate hike in 2019 and more people using cards instead of cash from the viewpoint of hygiene as a measure to prevent COVID-19 infections. In such times of emergency, I think it is important to revisit our starting point. What was Credit Saison’s starting point? In essence, our foundation was based on the three values that we advocate as a leading-edge service company, namely, “practical implementation of the principles of customer satisfaction,” “mutual respect for our interests and those of our business partners” and “developing a corporate culture of creative innovation.” Focusing on customers, we will do our utmost to provide better services, improve customer convenience and win customer support. With the belief
since its founding that Credit Saison should be a company for society, I have been realizing the creation of customer value together with our employees.
To my mind, the essence of capitalism involves risk- taking and creative destruction. Seiji Tsutsumi, who built up Seibu Department Stores to become the No. 1 store of its kind in Japan, broke up the Tokyo Marubutsu department store into its new PARCO format and converted Midoriya Department Stores, a retailer specializing in the monthly installment retail business, into a credit card company, Seibu Credit. This kind of innovation is the very essence of creative destruction. So, what is the essence of a company in a capitalist society? I think that lies in competition. To compete in delivering good products and good services to customers. Also important to this process is marketing that tries to understand what the customer is thinking that he or she would like to do and the customer’s way of thinking to create joy and surprises for them. By continuing to innovate and be supported by our customers, we can emerge ahead of the competition. Companies that are unable
to continue to innovate lose their growth potential and eventually wither and perish. I believe that the growth we have achieved so far is due to the numerous innovations that have emerged from our corporate culture of creative innovation.
As we are living in an era of uncertainty, our success with customers, competitiveness and ability to innovate are being put to the test.
  Why has Credit Saison been able to continue innovating? Looking back on the history of the Saison Group, I feel that it is because of our disadvantaged position in the business environment, the sense of an impending crisis and the
raft of restrictions placed on us that we have been able to grit our teeth, persevere and produce results. These factors have led to changes in the times. Armed with the experience of adversity that started in Ikebukuro, Tokyo, a disadvantageous location for a department store and the branch where I was, we have been carrying out various innovations through culturally centered brand image strategies and changing society.
Following a transfer in 1982, I went to work on converting the monthly installment sales retailer Midoriya, which had become part of the Saison Group due to deteriorating management in the 1970s, into a credit
card company. In Japan, where credit and bank cards
were beginning to gain in popularity, Midoriya was a latecomer. But I had a specific vision in mind. In the United States, which I had previously visited, when proffering high-denomination bills at cash registers, I had seen their watermarks being checked to confirm that they were not counterfeit, so I had witnessed a card society in which cards
were trusted more than cash. I was thus convinced that
if we were to create a culture in Japan where cards were used roughly to the same extent as they were in the United States, we could survive even if a latecomer.
All you need to survive is to keep creating new things. Products that are said to be the same as yesterday’s products are synonymous with retrogression while others are moving forward. So people have to be constantly thinking about what will change next. Initially, I had one lingering doubt. At that time, the credit limit conditions
of credit card companies were that the cardholder be “a manager of some listed company, has been working there for 10 years or more and owns a house.” Since we are talking about Japan in the 1980s, it is no exaggeration to say that most men met these conditions. In contrast, the customers I saw at Saison Group department stores and supermarkets were overwhelmingly women. A man who is “a manager of some listed company, has been working there for 10 years or more and owns a house” leaves the shopping to his wife. Credit cards were being issued to those who for the most part do not come to department stores. That was my understanding of the situation. In
that case, if customers who came to the store could write
Innovation born from crises and constraints
 4

  VISION
Message from the CEO
their names, addresses and phone numbers on the spot, I thought they could, following an instant credit screening, be instantly issued with credit cards for immediate use with no annual membership fee. The credit limits were ¥50,000 for cash advances and ¥100,000 for shopping. Although there was a risk, most people would be able to repay a credit line in the tens of thousands of yen. It was more important to have more people using the card than to be wary of risk. With that in mind, I made credit cards available to women, who in terms of shopping represent the core demographic. As we also put into practice customer satisfaction principles, such as offering discounts in the
retail industry, we gained a tremendous upsurge of support from women.
Customer support provides robust added impetus. At that time, the number of cards issued by the industry’s top credit card companies stood at about seven million, but from the time we started “instant credit screening, instant card issuance,” the number of cards issued increased by hundreds of thousands every month.
In the face of various constraints in existing society, we thoroughly pursued customer convenience and created innovations that broke industry taboos. This was the starting point for the growth of our credit card business.
 Lack of a sense of impending crisis is a company’s greatest enemy
I mentioned before that it is easier to innovate and seize opportunities if you are in a difficult situation. Looked at another way, it serves as an alarm bell that you could be immediately overtaken if you are resting on your laurels in a peaceful environment. Among our employees who have made great strides toward the
peak of the industry are some who
have come to think that they are
working for a successful company,
but in fact the lack of a sense of
impending crisis associated with
such thinking poses the greatest risk
to the Company. The experience of
success bestows a negative element
on humans. If you feel that things
are okay as they are, innovation will
not take place and you will not be
competitive. The belief that we are
successful leads to pride; we might start to neglect our efforts and could be abandoned by our customers. What awaits us after a lack of a sense of impending crisis is defeat in competition.
Since then, the consumer finance industry,
including credit cards, has been significantly affected by the 2008 Supreme Court ruling on overpayment refund requests, the revision of the Money Lending Business (MLB) Act (implemented in June 2010) and the revision of the Installment Sales Act (implemented in June 2008).
I was annoyed that the Company, which had been operating soundly up until that point, was suddenly forced into a difficult situation due
to environmental changes, such as laws and regulations of this kind. These moves changed the landscape of the industry, with competitors becoming affiliated with megabanks due to financial difficulties. We have maintained our independence, but we lack the sense of impending crisis that “this company is in a very bad
situation.” We learned many lessons from this series of events, and I am constantly telling my employees about the importance of the three enhancements: In addition to competition and innovation, what an organization needs to survive is a sense of impending crisis.
  Sharpen sensitivities and increase a “sense of empathy” from society
Looking around the world, every company is advocating “ESG management” and “SDGs” as if following a trend.
I feel uncomfortable in such a homogeneous climate.
Of course, it is important to do business that is socially meaningful and to contribute to society as a result. However, the essence of a company is to win over the competition. I think that we can contribute to society by creating value for our customers, bringing about innovation and securing success over the competition.
Human resources are the source of this value. It was human resources, mainly young people in their 30s, who revived Midoriya when on the verge of bankruptcy and developed the company into the current Credit Saison. Because humanism as an organizational culture—that is, not
discriminating on the grounds of educational background, gender, nationality and other factors—has been considered a management idea since Mr. Tsutsumi’s era, from the
time I came to the Company, I have appointed a diverse range of human resources, regardless of educational background, gender, nationality or age. In 2017, we eliminated part-time and contract work and introduced equal pay for equal work to improve the wages and benefits of about 2,200 people. I do not like such classifications as “non-regular employees” and “full-
time employees” and want to give all employees equal opportunity and treat them fairly. The younger stages of life have high consumption needs, and I have been thinking that consumption and the economy will not improve unless
 5

measures are taken to increase the disposable income of those generations. That was one of the reasons why I decided to make everyone a full-time employee.
The ideal I envisage is a company that gives freedom to the employees who are working there and where every person’s ideas are reflected in their work. I do not want Credit Saison to become a company where people only reluctantly come to work. We carry out in-house venture
programs to speed up the commercialization of our employees’ ideas, but to create new services that respond to social needs and changes in the market, it is important to sharpen well-attuned sensitivities to change. I believe that business sensitivity (BQ), which is a combination of SQ (sensitivity) with IQ (intelligence) and EQ (humanity), is the key to gaining the sympathy of society and ensuring growth in the next generation.
 The previously mentioned revision of the MLB Act served as a major turning point, and we made investments for
the next generation, such as rebuilding the core system, and finally completed the foundation for a new growth strategy. Taking advantage of this foundation to accomplish reform and regrowth in the three years from FY2019, we have formulated and implemented the Medium-term Management Plan with the vision of becoming a “Neo Finance Company in Asia.”
In the domestic credit card market, in which the number of cards owned per person is saturated at 2.6–2.7, payments using smartphones have been standing out, and we recognize that the business model with which
we had enjoyed success in the 20th century is becoming obsolete. In addition, COVID-19’s impact on society has been enormous, and in a sense, this presents an ideal opportunity for innovation to occur. Our competitors
are also promoting digital transformation (DX), but there is a sense of impending crisis that if DX has not been completed by about 2025, the battle might be lost.
Although the domestic market is saturated, we
will narrow our products and targets and work to further expand our membership base of 37 million people. Among them, Generation Z (those born from 1996) is the target group on which to focus, and our new targets will be sole proprietors and settlements for BtoB businesses. Deeming smartphones to be a major platform, so that
it can be said that “smartphones are Credit Saison,” the weekly Business Strategy Meeting, at which new ideas and innovations are brought in and free discussions held, has become established as an internal culture with the goal of launching new products and services monthly. We are also actively hiring talented personnel with digital technology
expertise to promote DX. As it is important for such people to have a certain amount of freedom and to take on various challenges, I will commit to fully utilizing these talented human resources after they join the Company.
However, in the saturated market that is Japan, where the population is falling due to the declining birthrate and aging population, high growth cannot be expected in the years to come. What will drive the Company’s growth is our global business in Asia. Including affiliated companies and investment destinations, we have already expanded into nine countries: China, India, Singapore, Vietnam, Myanmar, Indonesia, Cambodia, Thailand and the Philippines. In Asia, most people cannot receive financial services from banks (the unbanked segment). Depending on the development stage of each country, I would like us to focus on the financial service needs of the local people, help to realize economic prosperity and lead to the prosperity of each country. Although there are some parts of the original plan that have been delayed due to the COVID-19 pandemic, we will continue to push forward strongly to secure growth in the Asian market. In overseas expansion, it is of course important to exercise governance, such as compliance,
but the basic principle will remain what I term “localism.”
In other words, I would like to appoint local personnel
who have the best understanding of the local market and business customs to director and executive positions and leave the running of the business to them, so that every employee is allowed to do the work that he or she is passionate about and wants to do. We are calling this “Neo Finance,” but perhaps it will develop into a business that goes beyond the boundaries of finance. Our management philosophy is to remain a leading-edge service company, so that does not matter.
To remain a “leading-edge service company”
  Looking within Japan, I am excited and impressed again by the limitless untapped potential displayed by the younger generation, as exemplified by the professional shogi player Sota Fujii and the athletes in their teens who are competing on the world stage. For Credit Saison’s younger generation employees, I would like to provide an environment where coming to the Company is fun and interesting for them and so that they can evolve on their own while absorbed
in their work and at the same time feel satisfied with the financial rewards. To do so, we must have the support of our customers. We intend to bring to fruition every possible idea that will likely be supported by our customers. We give this opportunity to every one of our employees equally. Also armed with the Company’s diversity, we will remain
a leading-edge service company that continues to bring about innovation as a team.
With expectations for the next generation
 6

 VISION
Message from the COO
Utilizing digital-based convenience and human customer contact points to support the lifelong abundance of our customers from a financial perspective
Masahiro Yamashita
  7
Representative,
Executive President and COO
 
    Q
Tell us about how you saw FY2019 as your first year as President and COO.
whereas other parts of the business have grown robustly due to stay-at-home demand, such as online shopping, streaming services and online gaming. We must therefore vary the areas in which we invest management resources while rapidly ascertaining trends in society within the new normal of living with COVID-19.
Before the emergence of COVID-19, we were already advancing the introduction of services that
allow customers to apply for credit cards using their smartphones as a means of addressing the advantages
of digital channels. The COVID-19 pandemic has served to dramatically accelerate the realization of the online, remote concepts that we had been advancing under the challenge of addressing consumption that ignores time constraints and physical distances following the spread
of e-commerce. Specifically, we launched a more evolved version of SAISON CARD Digital in November 2020. Every aspect of SAISON CARD Digital, from sign-up to credit examination, card issuance and card use, is completed using a smartphone, thus allowing the card number to
be issued in as little as five minutes and serving as digital credit that can be issued and used immediately without ever requiring a physical credit card. As a result, even those customers without a Saison Card can receive the benefits of perks and services on the spot. From a different vantage point, this means that the sites where customers use this card also serve as sites where we can provide services and solicit card applications. This capability goes beyond simply minimizing transaction opportunity loss due to time and distance constraints. Instead, it enables alliances with a wide range of partners by reducing the initial costs involved in issuing credit cards.
I believe the domestic market has nearly reached the end of the stage where we can expand the customer base through large-scale alliances. And I feel that
going forward we will grow new membership by more seamlessly integrating these kinds of refined sites and services while at the same time advancing measures that also serve as the face of new credit card solicitation sites. COVID-19 will serve as the trigger for accelerating the application of this digital transformation, so we are initiating restructuring projects aimed at improving business operations geared toward improved productivity and reduced expenses, developing new products and services, and investing resources in a varied manner.
 As the first year of the Medium-term Management Plan, in FY2019 we began deploying various measures for the purpose of providing finance services tailored to the life cycle and life stage changes among both our corporate and individual customers under our mission statement of “becoming a finance company advancing with customers for 50 years.” We also completed our management integration with Qubitous, a wholly owned subsidiary engaged in credit card processing contracted services, on April 1, 2020, which will enable us to advance business development that places attention on high quality and speed through a seamless structure in the future. In consultation with Hiroshi Rinno as CEO of Credit Saison, we also worked to enhance governance. Following
our establishment of the Nomination & Remuneration Committee in June 2019, we adopted an Executive Officer System in March 2020 to establish an environment that will allow the Board of Directors to place greater focus on its management and supervisory functions. Similarly, following the Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders in June, we reorganized the Board of Directors to a nine-member structure that includes three Outside Directors.
In terms of performance, despite having taken
a conservative standpoint for FY2019 based on the depreciation burden of the new Core System released in stages from the fall of 2017 to the fall of 2018, in addition to steady progress in business itself, our cost-reduction efforts paid off and placed us on a standing from which we were able to anticipate increased sales and profits through the third quarter.
Due to the emergence of the COVID-19 pandemic during the fourth quarter, however, a larger allowance for uncollectible receivables in the event of an emergency and increased expenses from accelerating IC chip updates led business income to close at ¥36.1 billion for the year compared with ¥52.2 billion the previous fiscal year. This in turn resulted in increased sales and lower profits.
 How will you develop business amid the Q environmental changes brought about by
 the COVID-19 pandemic?
Tell us about your understanding of the Q business environment with an outlook
  As with the saying “repeating thought and action 100 times makes for habit,” having been forced to live with COVID-19 for more than half a year already since the start of 2020 has made it difficult to imagine going back to normal. Because credit cards are closely tied to customer spending, the impacts of this situation are clearly reflected in the numbers, where some parts of the business have been hit hard from the decline of in-store shopping
due to temporary closures of department stores and self-restraint in regard to travel, dining out and events,
beyond COVID-19.
 In the short term, the domestic credit card market will
take a major hit with the consumption slump triggered
by COVID-19. Taking a slightly longer-term perspective, however, the market will enjoy a tailwind as various measures are promoted in response to the 40% cashless payment target for 2025 raised in the “Cashless Vision” formulated by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry.
8

  VISION
Message from the COO
Looking abroad, some countries, such as South Korea and Sweden, have achieved a cashless payment rate exceeding 90%, so we feel that Japan has the potential to exceed 40%. Although the cashless payment tax return policy implemented following the consumption tax increase has ended, I feel that this policy was also important in broadly spreading the term “cashless” throughout society. As
the need for online, remote interaction grows amid the COVID-19 pandemic, and as consumption transitions from brick-and-mortar stores to the Internet as a more general trend, I foresee sufficient potential for growth in terms of credit cards and electronic payments.
To earn the backing of our customers within this business climate, I believe we must tirelessly continue to provide products and services that match the specific life events, life stages and needs of both our individual and corporate customers as “a finance company advancing with customers for 50 years.”
Under this business climate, on which
Q areas will you focus management resource
Although we will invest management resources to provide services for areas in which customer needs exist, the three areas on which we will place significant focus are the BtoC area, primarily for women, younger customers and the affluent segment; the BtoB area for payments between companies; and the global area. We will sequentially
roll out products specialized for women and younger customers, as well as products limited to customers in special areas. There are also many affluent customers among the Group’s 37 million members.
Given that we have not concentrated on development of services for the affluent segment until now, I believe that there is sufficient room to develop products and services targeted at customers in this segment. In September 2019, we entered a capital and business alliance agreement with Daiwa Securities Group Inc., through which we introduce our respective customers to each other and develop new products. We are also working together to develop services specialized for the affluent segment by fusing our respective know-how.
We intend to release the services we develop in stages and to expand these while confirming the backing of our customers.
are vital for the payment field, small and medium-
sized enterprises (SMEs) account for more than 90% of Japanese companies; even though individual payments among SMEs might be small, the overall payment volume is huge. In addition to capital demand among sole proprietors, which are also members of our credit cards as individuals, I see other areas of demand from these members, including support for the transition to electronic expense settlement for greater operational efficiency and to electronic payments with their partners. I also feel that we can address the various needs of the hundreds of thousands of companies with which we do business, including those for capital demand, payment methods and credit guarantees.
As with individual customers, we aim to provide solutions tailored to the growth stage of the specific businesses of our corporate customers in a timely manner.
   allocations?
 What are the key points for providing
Q solutions tailored to the specific stages of
 individual and corporate customers?
  Q
What kinds of services will you deploy in the BtoB area?
During our more than 50-year-long relationship with customers, the initial touchpoint from which business
with our individual customers begins in most cases is the issuance of credit cards around the age of 20. From here, we begin to maintain connections throughout the customer’s life. Over this time, our customers experience various life events, including employment, entrepreneurship, marriage, home ownership and car purchases, so when a customer changes the name and address on a credit card, for example, we can determine that the customer has married based on such data. We are therefore developing a platform that will allow us to predict if a customer plans to buy a home or a car in the near term, or will need to purchase insurance, and to offer products that address the customer’s needs in a targeted manner at the required timing in each case. This is also true for corporate transactions. When we only have a lease transaction with a corporate customer
at present, for example, we consider what we can do to help in terms of capital needs and payment methods and consider what kinds of other solutions are required at the current stage based on the kinds of past transactions they have had with our group. I believe that we must identify this kind of prospective demand and make proposals at the proper timing.
In the payment business, we built and released a new Core System and have continued to make various proposals targeting new affiliate cards and acquisitions of new contracted services since FY2019, and several
 9
In terms of the BtoB area, the market for payments between companies alone is said to be around ¥900 trillion–¥940 trillion, but the majority of this has yet to be converted to electronic payments. It is also important
for us to consider how to incorporate this significant market in the future in terms of financing for corporations. Although corporate credit cards for large companies

projects have begun to move forward. This system will centrally manage information and allow us to continue
to propose various products that match customer needs while also creating synergy between businesses, including cross-selling based on the fusion of the payment business and finance business.
Q Tell us about the global business.
In just a short time, the global business has grown to operate in nine countries, primarily in Southeast Asia. In addition to expanding the number of markets in which this business operates, I hope to transition from the “sowing stage” to the “harvesting stage” in those markets in which we already operate.
Although we have seen aspects of the Southeast Asian market that resemble parts of the Japanese market, this does not mean the know-how we have accumulated domestically can be applied as is. Unlike developed countries that spent years evolving from landlines to smartphones, for example, many countries in Southeast Asia have skipped this evolutionary process and seen smartphones rapidly become the norm. In this regard, there are two approaches, one for those areas where
we can apply our accumulated know-how as is and one for those where business development must necessarily assume the application of new technologies. One of the patterns for business development in the global business relies on alliances with local companies. A second pattern is business development in cooperation with Japanese companies and start-ups that have entered the market ahead of us, for example, as with Gojo & Company, Inc., where we finance business capital and Gojo & Company deploys a microfinance business in emerging economies. There is a lot of know-how and knowledge we can absorb from these tie-up partners, and we will work to establish a presence in these markets by collaborating with the right partners instead of striving on our own. Although we will need to develop these businesses amid the COVID-19 pandemic, we already see the potential for an earnings base in several of the countries in which we operate.
For example, we have acquired a license from the India Reserve Bank to launch a digital lending business in India and we will launch new credit card services in Vietnam in addition to the installment credit services we already offer for motorcycles, smartphones and home appliances.
that the best business portfolio would be a ratio of 1:1:1 for the payment business, the finance business and the global business, which we will realize by growing the global business into a third pillar of the Company.
Achieving this ratio, however, will take a little more time because the global business is at the stage of moving from sowing seeds to nurturing and harvesting the results. And given the diversity of ethnicities and business customs faced by the global business, I feel that we must plan business growth while investigating the different risks. In an era of uncertainty where we cannot predict what will happen, as shown recently by COVID-19, I feel that it is best to have a well-balanced earnings base in anticipation of the future.
Q Tell us your thoughts on ESG.
I believe that our services themselves connect to the solutions for society’s challenges. This is particularly evident in the global business. Regarding the unbanked segment, which is not even able to open a bank account, particularly in Southeast Asia, I believe that providing support for financing this segment’s capital needs can do more than just help deal with the problems faced by individuals. It can also contribute to the prosperity of countries in Southeast Asia.
Contributions to resource conservation that arise from paperless transactions coinciding with the transition to a cashless society and the Akagi Nature Park, which
is managed from the perspective of preserving a lush forest for the children of the future, are initiatives for
the environment (E) in Japan that also have a social (S) aspect. As an initiative for the next generation, we have begun SAISON TEACHER as a program of on-site classes through which our employees provide financial education to middle and high school students around Japan.
Evolution in innovation and technology also arises from the strong desire to solve society’s challenges, so I feel that we should continue to value the idea of keeping our attention on social contribution as a company.
       Q
Finally, please provide a message to the stakeholders.
  Q
Tell us about how you see the future business portfolio and revenue structure.
As a distribution type credit card company, we have developed our services under market-oriented and client- oriented concepts. Digital transformation is accelerating today in part through the spread of remote work triggered by the COVID-19 pandemic. Although we will also take the lead in pursuing “hi-tech” elements for this reason, I believe we should continue to value “hi-touch” elements that are flush with a human sense as well. Given the tendency to create sterile relationships through the pursuit of greater efficiency, we aim to provide services and products that capture needs while staying side-by- side with our customers and clients by maintaining a greater sense of human warmth.
 We spent the roughly 10 years through 2018 developing the new Core System and therefore had to freeze new development on existing systems during that time.
Amid the limitations this placed on development of the payment business, we nurtured the finance business into a second pillar of the Company. In the meantime, I believe
10

 VISION
A History of Reforms and Challenges
Establishment as a retailer specializing in installment sales
2003 Aug.
2004 Feb.
2004 Apr. 2004 Aug.
2005 Apr. 2006 Jan. 2006 June
2006 July 2006 Oct. 2006 Nov. 2007 Mar. 2007 Oct.
2009 Mar. 2010 Apr.
2010 Apr.
Reached agreement on a comprehensive alliance with Idemitsu Kosan Co., Ltd.
Formed an equity and business tie-up with Resona Holdings, Inc.
Formed a strategic alliance
with Takashimaya Company, Limited
Reached an agreement on a strategic business partnership* with Mizuho Financial Group, Inc., Mizuho Bank, Ltd.,
and UC CARD Co., Ltd.
(*Partnership terminated in October 2019)
Started new credit center Ubiquitous operations
Merged with UC Card Co., Ltd. (card issuance business)
Formed a comprehensive alliance with Yamada Denki Co., Ltd.
Reached an agreement to form a business alliance with The Shizuoka Bank, Ltd.
Launched Eikyufumetsu.com (current Saison Point Mall) online shopping mall
Established a joint venture
with Daiwa House Industry Co., Ltd.
Reached an agreement to form a comprehensive alliance with Yamaguchi Financial Group, Inc.
 1951 May 1968 June 1976 Mar.
1980 Aug.
Company established as Midoriya Co., Ltd.
Listed on the First Section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange
Formed a capital tie-up with Seibu Department Stores Ltd. (currently Sogo & Seibu Co., Ltd.)
The Company’s name was changed from
Midoriya Department Stores to Seibu Credit Co., Ltd.
Second establishment,
shift to become a credit card company
 1982 Aug.
1983 Mar. 1985 May 1988 July
1989 Oct. 1990 Apr. 1991 Jan. 1995 June 1997 Oct. 2002 Feb.
Started the issuance of the no annual membership fee Seibu Card
Started instant credit screening, instant card issuance
Started a nationwide network of Saison Counters Started the lease business
“Seibu Card” name changed to SAISON CARD Started the credit guarantee business
Started the issuance of international credit cards with VISA and Mastercard
The Company’s name was changed to Credit Saison Co., Ltd. Introduced the first signature-less payments in Japan
Started the affinity card business
Started the issuance of an international credit card with JCB Started the issuance of the SAISON American Express® Card Started Eikyufumetsu Points, which never expire
Established Qubitous Co., Ltd., the industry’s first comprehensive processing service specialist
From Establishment to the Early 2000s
From the Early 2000s to 2010
(Qubitous integrated by an absorption-type merger in April 2020)
Started handling “Flat 35 loans”
Basic agreement reached on a comprehensive business alliance with SEVEN & i FINANCIAL GROUP CO., LTD.
Started operation of the Akagi Nature Park
Period of Business Expansion Established membership base
The company that is today Credit Saison was established in May 1951 as Midoriya Co., Ltd., a department store that sold products on a monthly installment basis. Due to a deterioration in its management in the 1970s, the Company joined the Seibu Distribution Group (later the Saison Group) and after its second establishment period and shift to being a credit card company, the company name was changed to Seibu Credit Co., Ltd., in 1980. Since that time, we have launched a succession of customer-oriented services that have broken with generally accepted industry practices and traditions, including instant credit screening, instant card issuance, signature-less payments and Eikyufumetsu Points that never expire. In 2002, Credit Saison achieved the top position in the industry in terms of four indicators, including the number of cards issued annually, the number of cards in operation annually and annual card balance.
 Shift in Business Composition Expanded fee business as a new revenue stream
Since 2002, in accordance with the active reorganization of the credit card industry, we have been aggressively forming strategic alliances related to distribution, finance and credit sales, strengthening marketing from both card development and usage activation aspects, and promoting efforts to improve added value for cards. In 2006, the Company merged with UC Card Co., Ltd. (UC member operating company), and maximized the utilization of the management resources cultivated in its card business. In addition to strengthening each business, such as in leasing, credit guarantee and finance, we worked to expand the fee business as a new revenue stream, for example, by establishing the industry’s first card processing company.
Historical Context
Collapse of the bubble economy/Heisei era recession
11
From a period of high economic growth to the bubble economy
Global financial crisis
    
2011 July
2013 Jan. 2014 May
2014 July 2014 Sept. 2015 May 2015 June
2015 Sept.
2016 Dec.
2017 July 2017 Sept.
2017 Dec. 2018 June 2018 Nov.
Started the issuance of NEO MONEY, a prepaid card exclusively for use by Japanese travelers visiting other countries
Started handling Saison Asset Formation Loans
Established Credit Saison Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd., an overseas business development and regional headquarters in Singapore
Commenced the Saison Portal and the UC Portal, which provide smartphone apps for cardholders
Saison Asset Management Co., Ltd., formed a capital and operational alliance with Japan Post Co., Ltd.
Formed a capital and business tie-up with Vietnam’s HD Bank; established HD SAISON Finance Company Ltd.
Established Saison Ventures Co., Ltd.,
the first corporate venture capital company established by a Japanese credit card company
Established PT. Saison Modern Finance, a finance services company, in Indonesia
Started Point Investment Services for long-term investment using Saison Eikyufumetsu Points
Started handling Saison Rent Guarantee Rent Quick
Abolished employee classifications;
introduced a common HR system under
which all employees are on indefinite-term contracts
Formed a capital tie-up with Grab Holdings Inc.; established Grab Financial Services Asia Inc.
Established Kisetsu Saison Finance (India) Private Limited in India
Partnered with SCG, Mitsui & Co.; reached an agreement on the establishment of SIAM SAISON Co., Ltd., in Thailand
From 2011
Global Business Begun in Earnest Shift to new business model
Aiming to be the No. 1 company in the cashless payment market, we promoted collaboration management with our own products and services and alliance partners. At the same time, we positioned the global business as a future earnings base and entered the retail financial business in line with each country, centered on ASEAN. Using these products and services as tools, we have established a complex sales system that turns corporations and individuals into customers. As a non-bank capable of responding to changes, we shifted to a business model that addresses the various payment and financial needs of companies and provides cashless functions for all individuals and corporations in Japan and elsewhere in Asia.
Abenomics
2019 Apr. 2019 June
2019 Sept. 2019 Nov.
2019 Dec. 2020 Mar.
2020 Oct. 2020 Nov.
2020 Dec.
Concluded the Agreement on Cooperation with Shibukawa City and the Akagi Nature Park
Established the Nomination & Remuneration Committee
Established an overseas venture capital company, Saison Capital Pte. Ltd.
Formed a capital business partnership with Daiwa Securities Group Inc.
Started Saison Cardless Payment for instant membership, instant usage via smartphone
Started providing Saison Pocket smartphone securities service
Began accepting applications for the Saison Cobalt Business American Express® Card
Introduced an executive officer system
Started providing the SAISON TEACHER visiting lecture finance education program
Started providing Saison Furusato Donations
Began accepting applications for the Daiwa Securities Saison Platinum/American Express® Card
Started providing new SAISON CARD Digital smartphone-based settlement services
Started the issuance of the Saison Rose Gold American Express® Card
Started the issuance of the Saison Gaming Card
Started an impact investment business at a subsidiary in Singapore
From 2019
Intensification to Become
a Leading-edge Service Company
Facing challenges toward the creation of new value
We are promoting a Medium-term Management Plan that has becoming a Neo Finance Company in Asia as its management vision. By developing solutions that cover the life cycles of individuals and corporations, we are facing challenges as a finance company that has been working with its customers for 50 years. By means of 1) a growth strategy and structural reform in the payment business, 2) digital innovation and the creation of new businesses, 3) further expansion of the lease business and finance business, and 4) expansion of the earnings base of Credit Saison’s global business with a view to the future and demonstration of Group synergies, the Company is working on sustainable growth as a general non-bank.
Tokyo Olympics
12
    
  VISION
Credit Saison’s Value Creation Process
 Sources of Value
 Diverse human resources
 Common personnel system for all employees
(Wage scales and conditions are consistent
for all full-time employees.)
Professional human resources well versed in a variety of fields including credit and finance
 Number of employees
2,981 (including 2,169 women)
 Expertise and innovation
Credit know-how nurtured over the 70 years since the Company’s founding
  Ability to develop services and solutions as
an independent non-bank
 Sound financial base
Highest level of creditworthiness as an independent non-bank
 Credit rating
R&I A+
(Continuously for 24 years since October 1996)
 Sales platform
Total cardholders (consolidated) Around 37 million
Industry top class in membership and customer segment
 Marketing network focusing mainly on Japan and ASEAN
 Number of stores/organizations with affiliate cards issued to
Around 200
Branches in Japan Overseas branches
10 branches 9 countries
Number of stores/ organizations with corporate card and cards for SMEs issued
Around 50,000 companies
  Social and environmental issues
Market environment
 Climate change
Demographic and
other social structural changes
  Digitalization
Increasing social disparities
  Advance of cashless payments
 Growing asset-formation needs for the coming “age of centenarians”
 Growing need for financial services in Asia ex-Japan
 Credit Saison’s Business Model
The Credit Saison Financial Platform
n
     Framework Underpinning Corporate Value Creation
 Medium-term Management Plan
Challenging ourselves to be a finance company advancing with customers for 50 years
 Financial and capital policies
Risk capital management through the optimal allocation of capital
  ESG Management
   Strengthening corporate governance
Establishment of Nomination & Remuneration Committee Strengthening of management monitoring system
Realizing diversity
Strengthening engagement between the Company and its employees by promoting diversity
 13
y
i
t
e
i
l
s
i
b
a
W
i
p
d
e
a
p
r
c
a
a
y
m
n
g
e
g
n
n
e
t
i
s
o
c
d
P
h
f
n
e
e
L
i
e
s
e
s
s
r
n
R
o
e
o
v
i
c
i
t
k
d
c
-
f
n
s
p
o
u
o
f
l
n
l
l
a
i
a
o
d
i
i c
t
s
f
o
n
v
e
a
s r
o
r
n
c
m
fi
u
m
r
i
t
y
d t
r
a
v
e
a
b
r
e
R
i
c
h
l
y
,
e
a
r
c
o
p
r
u
o
c
d
s
)
t
s
a
e
s
(
r
e
v
o
d
n
r
s
o
o a
l
a
p d
e o
m
e
n s
t
i
c
m a

    Helping individual members lead a vibrant life
Six Business Domains
Shareholders
Customers
Business partners
Creating Value
in Collaboration with Stakeholders
Employees
Administrative agencies
Regional communities
Social Value
Contributing to a more convenient and abundant sustainable society
Strong Organization/ Financial Results
     Number of discussions with shareholders and investors
158
 Director
independence (outside directors as percentage of directors)
One-third
Total return ratio
 75.1%
Payout ratio
 31.4%
     Payment Business
 Solutions Business
 Asset Management Business
 Digital Marketing
 Finance Business
 Global Business
  Promoting diversity
Ratio of Ratio of female employees female managers
72.8% 21.0%
 Formation of sustainable workplace environments
No. of paid leave days approved/ Ratio of paid leave used
15days 82.5%
  Number of press-release topics, including newly developed services and solutions, during the fiscal year
Approx.50
     Providing business solutions to corporate customers
Environmental Value
  Environmental-preservation activities through operation of the Akagi Nature Park
 Reduction in paper consumption from the digitalization of Saison Counter
  14

 VISION
Vision and Strategy
                       Medium-term Management Vision
 Neo Finance Company in Asia
                       Initiatives Prior to FY2016
Change the business model to one that combines five businesses via stronger corporate marketing
Face the challenge of becoming
“a peerless new finance company in Asia” able to overwhelm the competition
Face the challenge of changing the business model by strengthening corporate marketing
Evolve into a “non-bank capable of responding to changes”
Establish a multiple core earnings source structure through “collaboration management using strategic resources”
to become the No. 1 consolidated issuer, accelerate the shift to non-banking and crystallize Asian strategies
  Basic Management Policy for FY2015
      Basic Management Policy for FY2014
Basic Management Policy for FY2013
  15

  Medium-term Management Plan
FY2019–FY2021 For details, see next page.
Previous Medium-term Management Plan FY2016–FY2018
  Basic Policy
Consolidatedordinaryincome ¥60.0billion
(JGAAP)
1 Face the challenge of changing the card business model 2 Collaborate strategically via open innovation
Realize innovation and changing business models
Face the challenge of new business models Expand the stock business and the fee business
 Numerical Targets
Measures
for FY2018
    3 Enter multilateral alliances centered on the finance business 4 Develop diverse business throughout Asia
Results
Full migration to Associated Core System
Completed a foundation capable of alliance expansion and product development
     Consolidated ordinary income FY2018
 ¥54.1billion
 Consolidated ordinary income FY2015
(JGAAP)
Responsive to diverse customer needs
Payment platform enhancement/ Finance business expansion
 ¥43.8 billion
(JGAAP) FY2015: Five countries FY2018: Nine countries
Transformation and Renewed Growth
 Construction of Foundations
 Expand the Global Business into more countries
16

  VISION
Overview of the Medium-term Management Plan (FY2019–FY2021)
 Medium-term Management Vision
Neo Finance Company in Asia
Mission Statement
Become a finance company advancing with customers for 50 years
Provide peace of mind and discover the potential in money
• Provide house card functions integrated with alliance partners’ customer strategies, expand the customer base through settlement services
• Utilize know-how from Japan, expand financial services in high-potential emerging markets in Asia
     Numerical Targets
Consolidated business income ( consolidated ordinary income)
Regarding FY2019 (consolidated business income target ¥42.5 billion) as the lowest point, work toward returning to a growth trajectory over the next three years
  FY2018
FY2021
¥52.2 billion (IFRS)
¥60.0 billion
(IFRS)
 17
 Our Aims for the New Medium-term Management Plan and Key Points
Growth strategies and structural reform in the Payment Business
1 Expandshoppingtransactionvolumes(BtoCfield)
2 Expandshoppingtransactionvolumes(BtoBfield) PaymentBusiness/SolutionsBusiness
3 Expandtheshoppingrevolving/cashadvancebusiness
4 Createnewbusinessesandenhancedigitalmarketing AssetManagementBusiness/DigitalMarketing
Further expand the Finance Business as a non-bank
1 Strengthenrelationshipswithpartnersandexpandnewalliances FinanceBusiness
Expand the earnings base of the Global Business with a view to the future
   Payment Business
    Lease & Finance Segment
  Global Business
 1 Transitionfromthe“sowingstage”tothe“harvestingstage”incountrieswherewehaveoperations GlobalBusiness

  Six business domains to assist in improving customers’ QOL
         Payment Business
Shopping
Household purchase/ leasing
Real estate transactions
Finance Business
     Borrowing
       Remittances
Financial arrangements Purchasing
Settlement of expenses Operational efficiency
Solutions Business Welfare Global Business
Asset Management
Renovations
Savings
Investment Asset management
Inheritance Asset Management Business Digital Marketing
   Loan
    Insurance
  Revolving/ installment payment
Settlement
                   Life events
(start work, marriage, raising children...)
Corporate cycle
(foundation, growth/maturity, transformation)
       Diverse lineup of money services for customers (individual/company)
Provide house card functions integrated
with affiliated partners’ customer strategies and expand our customer base through settlement services
Expand sales of financial products through customer-oriented, cross-sectional sales between businesses
Utilize know-how from Japan, expand financial services in high-potential emerging markets in Asia
  Further acceleration of “revival of card business” and “transformation to a general non-bank”
      FY2008 Operating Revenue (JGAAP)
FY2018 Business Income (IFRS)
FY2021 Business Income (IFRS) projection
¥34.5 billion
¥52.2 billion Lease Finance
¥60.0 billion
Real estate-related Entertainment
 Payment
Global
18
Customer affinity (brand fans)
Revolving balance
Investment trusts balance Housing loan balance
Shopping transaction volume Loan balance Fees revenue
insurance revenue Advertising revenue
Recommendations in tune with life events
Guaranteed balance

   STRATEGY
Payment Business
In pursuit of customer convenience, Credit Saison is
providing a variety of payment services to advance customer convenience and meet the needs of its diverse range of business partners, such as retailers and railways. In addition
to credit cards, we are aiming to remain the No. 1 company in the cashless payment market for both consumer and corporate transactions by developing measures—including prepaid cards, smartphone-based payment systems and mobile point-of-sale (POS) systems—that will contribute to breaking the dominance of the cash market.
  Market Environment
The credit card payment ratio in Japan is about 20%, which is
rather low when compared to developed economies overseas. However, moves toward a cashless society are advancing
through the “40% cashless by 2025” financial policy that the government is promoting following the consumption tax rate hike and the opening up of the banking system with the intention of creating advanced financial services. In addition to infrastructure developments, such as contactless, near field communication (NFC) payments in preparation for the holding of the Tokyo Olympic
and Paralympic Games, changes in lifestyles brought about by
the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic will accelerate these
moves. Meanwhile, payment methods are becoming increasingly
diversified and now include credit cards, transportation-related and distributiontypeICcards,QRpaymentsandsmartphonepayments.
The use of smartphone-based payment services, in particular, is on
the increase due to their benefits, which include the convenience and discount rates at the time of purchase they offer consumers, and the lower fees and rapidity of payment they offer companies.
Realization of UX (User Experience) demanded in the digital age
Due to the advances being made toward a cashless society, Credit Saison is promoting structural reforms to provide added value unique to the digital age in the offering of credit that forms the basis of its credit business. Up to now, we have provided immediate/instant card issuance services for affiliated cards at the commercial facilities of partner companies, including PARCO Co., Ltd., and Yamada Holdings Co., Ltd. However, as an evolution of this, we launched SAISON CARD Digital, which meets customer needs for immediate/instant use without waiting for a plastic card after signing up, in November 2020.
Strengthening of customer base and promoting utilization of its supporting core systems
Expansion of new affiliated networks is indispensable for expanding card shopping transaction value. In September 2019, we reached agreement with Daiwa Securities Group Inc. on a capital and business alliance with the aim of developing and providing next-generation comprehensive financial services. Based on the approximately three million Daiwa Securities Group accounts and our customer base of 37 million card members, we will work to mutually refer customers, develop a new customer base and
Convenience store payment
Cash, other
4.1% 40.5%
  Pay-easy
7.6%
Account transfer/ Direct debit
16.3%
Prepaid card/ e-money
9.5% Debit card
Share accounted for by consumer spending by payment method
Total ¥296.1 trillion
(FY2019)
       Progress of the Medium-term Management Plan
Background to introduction
Credit card 0.6% 21.3%
Note: Calculated by our company based on sources such as the Ministry of the Economy, Trade and Indus- try, Bank of Japan, New Payment Report, Mitsubishi-UFJ Research and Consulting, and official documents from variouscompaniesandassociations.Includedinthe credit card category is the corporate card payment amount (estimated at ¥3 trillion/1% share)
  Alliance partners
Characteristics
 Smartphone-ready! Card number issued in as little as five minutes
• As little as five minutes from application to issuance of a card number
• Application, management and settlement all handled with just a smartphone
Japan’s first numberless plastic card
The physical cards issued are of a type that does not display the card number, expiration date or security code
Optional security features
• Push notifications of card-use information virtually in real time, 24 hours a day • Card use can be restricted by simple smartphone operation
       The smartphone is a “must-have item” essential in daily life and responds to increased needs for fewer face-to-face meetings and contactless needs brought about by COVID-19
Utilization of SAISON CARD Digital as an alliance strategic weapon in approaches to young people
Note: Examples from start of service
Development of alliances using the characteristics of SAISON CARD Digital: Smartphone-ready Can be used immediately Simple and secure
   19

                         BtoC field
Processing field
Phase 1 SAISON CARD Digital Phase 2 Daiwa Securities
Phase 3 SAISON ROSE GOLD AMEX Phase 4 Saison Gaming Card
Phase 5 Planned
2022
Phase 2 Planned
And more
And more
develop new comprehensive financial services that combine the know-how of both companies.
To improve UX, it is essential to improve the efficiency of administrative aspects in accordance with the diversification of payment methods. We are working to expand our processing business by leveraging our know-how as a card issuer, such as in recruiting members and encouraging use, and the strength of one-stop contracting from system development to operation that meets the administrative needs of our business partners. At this time, we are not yet able to impart any information about specific projects, but we are making steady progress toward the acquisition of new projects.
 SAISON PLATINUM AMEX
2023
November 2020
Saison’s strengths
2021
Processing field
Phase 1 Planned
• Able to accept consignment both on system development and operation
• Customization of a range of consignment according to the needs of partners
Note: Able to choose from complete consignment of system development and operation to partial consignment, such as risk management, call centers, etc.
Expansion of new processing partners utilizing know-how as issuer
  • Able to share know-how as an issuer (recruiting members, encouraging use, etc.)
• Approaches to existing or new payment providers
  Future Issues and Initiatives
Key Performance Indicators (KPIs)
Main Services
Director’s Message
Credit Saison is promoting non-face-to-face meetings and non-contact in light of the changes in the environment caused by COVID-19 infections. One example is SAISON CARD Digital, which was released in November 2020. By issuing a digital card via an app in a minimum of five minutes of completing the credit card application on a smartphone, this service allows the card’s use for online shopping and for contactless payments at physical stores. In addition to leading to the growth of the payment business by continuing to develop services to improve customer convenience while flexibly responding to changes in the environment, we are aiming to become the Neo Finance Company in Asia, the vision adopted by Credit Saison, and realize our mission statements: “a finance company advancing with customers for 50 years” and “providing peace of mind and discovering potentials in money.”
        Indicator
Total number of credit cardholders Number of active card members Card shopping transaction value Cash advances transaction volume
26.95 million
14.98 million ¥4,683.0 billion ¥248.1 billion
26.79 million
14.90 million ¥4 ,788.5 billion ¥242.9 billion
FY2017
FY2018
FY2019
    26.39 million
    14.96 million
    ¥4,946.9 billion
    ¥237.5 billion
      Original
In alliance
Prepaid cards
                             NEOMONEY MEMBER
         In 2020, we made steady progress in the digital transformation (DX) of the payment business, which
 included the start of the SAISON CARD Digital smartphone-based cardless scheme, the transition from
in-store written application documents and iPads to customers’ own smartphone applications, and the
awarding of 3% points for all Saison cardholders linked to payments using PARCO
DNP169999999999 100003
COVID-19 infections have inflicted great harm on society, it can be said that the abovementioned moves
were promoted at once in terms of both customer awareness and the need to take corporate action. DX should be constantly evolving, and we will continue to address improvements from the consumer’s point of view as the focus of our everyday tasks. Strategically, by strengthening our focus on millennials and Gen-Z and evolving functions and services by rebranding nonaffiliated (proper) credit cards centered on Saison AMEX, we will also raise awareness and recognition of the new SAISON brand. At the same time, we will continue to revitalize the entire payment business, including existing affiliated cards.
Yoshiaki Miura Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer, General Manager, Payment Business Division
こごの利カ用ーのド際はプ、「リVペisaイカドーカドー、ド1回で払すい。」Viとsa加お盟伝店えでくごだ利さ用いい。ただけます。(一部店舗を除く)
ご署名 AUTHORIZED SIGNATURE 署名のないカードは使用できません。 Not Valid Unless Signed
VOID VOID VOID VOID VOID VOID VOID
AVO0I7DDVNOPI1D6V99O9ID99V9O99ID99VOID VOID VOID
あ出●しらこのやかじカ、国ーめ内ドチ・はャ海署ー外名ジ(の会ごV員is入ごa加金本盟)人い店様たでのだのみいおがた買ご金物利額に用のごい範利た囲用だ内いけでたま、だす海け。外●まのこすVのi。s店カa・ー頭PドでLUはのS、マ残プーリ高クペ確のイ認(ドあ、レ前るシ払ATーいMト式でへ)のカの現ー残金ド高ので表引す示。きは ご ざ い ま せ ん 。● こ の カ ー ド を 拾 得 さ れ た 方 は 下 記 イ ン フ ォ メ ー シ ョ ン セ ン タ ー へ ご 連 絡 く だ さ い 。
カードに
関
するお問い
合わせ
先
p. Although the
’
s
a
p
20

   STRATEGY
Solutions Business
By leveraging our expertise in the credit card business, a customer base of about 37 million users, and the resources of
a wide variety of partners, we are providing business support services that meet the needs of today’s corporations, including services supporting a shift toward cashless operations, improved cash flow and enhanced efficiency in expense reimbursements and other back-office operations at small to medium-sized businesses, as well as sole proprietor businesses.
  Market Environment
Japanese companies are now facing a variety of challenges, including a shortage in labor because of
a decrease in the working population, how to best implement work-style reforms and improvements in per- person productivity, and how to best achieve a better work-life balance for their employees. There are about four million companies in Japan, and it is said that about 90% are small to medium-sized companies. However, the overall number is declining amid a shortage of workers and the aging of the business owners and managers. On the other hand, the corporate payment market in Japan, estimated at about ¥920 trillion, including a credit card payment market of about ¥3 trillion, still shows room for growth.
Corporate payment market in Japan
Card payments About ¥3 trillion
Non-card payments About ¥917 trillion
    Total value of corporate payments
¥920 trillion
Source: Credit Saison estimates based on the VISA World- wide “Japan’s corporate market and Visa strategy” report and other sources
  Progress of the Medium-term Management Plan
Credit card shopping transaction volume in the BtoB field
As the workforce in Japan continues to shrink, there is a growing need for companies to improve productivity and reduce labor in operations. In addition to the issuance of corporate cards, we provide solutions services designed to meet the complex needs of companies in support of the shift to cashless payments between companies. Thanks to these efforts, credit card shopping transaction volume increased 10% from the previous fiscal year to more than ¥650 billion.
Expanding sales in the sole proprietorship and small to medium-sized enterprise (SME) market
We launched two new credit cards in FY2019 for sole proprietorships and small to medium-sized enterprises.
The first of these is the “freee Saison Platinum American Express® Card,” which uses a credit model based on corporate financial and transaction data and targets sole proprietors and small to medium-sized business owners using freee’s cloud-based accounting software.
The second is the “Saison Cobalt Business American Express® Card,” a new business card offering preferential services for BtoB payments that primarily targets small and medium-sized enterprises, small businesses, sole proprietors and other businesses, including start-up companies.
Credit card growth for sole proprietorships and small to medium- sized companies
 21
Credit card growth for
sole proprietorships and small to medium-sized companies
More than
30%YoY
 For the BtoB field as a whole
More than
10%YoY

   Future Issues and Initiatives
To capture cashless support and back-office-related demand in line with the needs and scale of various businesses, it is essential that we not only improve customer satisfaction but also create a system that can reliably respond to customer needs. As part of our effort to develop user-friendly corporate products, we are working to revise our services and create new product designs, including those with expanded credit lines and payment deferral functions.
Moreover, in line with our goal of providing solutions that meet the needs of our customers, we are working to build a cross-business platform that allows us to make product-based and company- based recommendations. Our goal is to improve the sophistication of our solutions business, including by providing timely and appropriate corporate financing and lending proposals through constructing an original credit model based on transaction history (including transaction volume and content), creating a common ID for all businesses within a given company and achieving the integrated management of corporate information through the use of affiliated stores and leasing contracts.
 Key Performance Indicators (KPIs)
Credit card shopping transaction volume in the BtoB field
About1.25x
FY2017 FY2018
Lineup of corporate credit cards
Large corporations
Sole proprietorships
Financing based on future credit card sales Settlement possible based on pace of sales
          Medium-sized corporations
Small corporations
Product development plans for small to medium-sized corporations
 Saison Platinum American Express® Card
        About
¥510 billion
About
About
 ¥650 billion
 ¥580 billion
 FY2019
Corporate cards
Saison Cobalt American Express® Card
Accounts receivable financing and invoice agency services Reduces BtoB billing work
 Main Services
              A world-class expense management system saving the user from the hassle of expense reimbursement processing
    Managing Executive Officer‘s Message
Effective in securing payroll Reduces transfer fees and improves receiving services personnel efficiency in accounting operations
Effective in attracting cardholders
A variety of announcement tools for PR postings
 Promoting the shift to a cashless system, including in the expansion of shopping transaction volume in
the BtoB field, is an important mission for Credit Saison. In addition to providing cashless solutions, our business partners are providing solutions aimed at improving the efficiency of back-office operations such as expense reimbursement. Moreover, there has been an increase in the need for corporate financing, lending and sales support due to the impact from COVID-19. Leveraging the experience we have gained over the years in the credit card business, our customer base of about 37 million individuals and the resources of our various partners, we will continue to strengthen our business relations by responding to the needs of our customers as we work toward continued growth alongside these companies.
Our goal is to work in a wide variety of transactions with our corporate customers by achieving the integrated management of corporate information, including for corporate card issuers, merchant contractors and leasing companies.
Shunji Ashikaga Managing Executive Officer In Charge of Business Solution Dept.
 22

    STRATEGY
Asset Management Business
Using credit cards with long service lives as touch points to remain side by side with our customers as they go through life events in an era where living to 100 has become commonplace, this business supports members taking their first steps in asset formation and provides a variety of investment-related solutions and services that give our customers a trial experience in long- term investing.
In addition to improving asset formation literacy, we are strengthening our efforts to stimulate interest in financial products across a wide demographic range, including the younger generation and women raising children, while at the same time contributing to the sound development of the financial market as a whole.
  Market Environment
Progress of the Medium-term Management Plan
The Japanese social security system faces several problems, especially as the future of the pension system becomes increasingly uncertain. Amid this environment, it is increasingly common for people to believe that the individual must take responsibility in building assets for their own future. “The idea that ¥20 million” will be necessary for any retirement has recently taken hold in the country, and there has been growing interest in asset formation around the world. We also note that institutional support from government, including in the form of the “Tsumitate NISA” tax incentive system and the “iDeCo” pension system, has contributed to heightened interest in Japan in personal investment. As of the end of December 2019, household financial assets reached about ¥1,903 trillion, but of this, about 52.9% was in “cash and deposits,” showing that there has been relatively little progress in the shift from savings to the formation of assets.
Taking the lead in the industry, the Asset Management Business launched “Point Investment Services” in December 2016. The number of users reached about 500,000 in the roughly three years since the launch of the service. As this service allows customers to simulate the experience of asset management without the hassle of opening a securities account, it is now one of the top-ranked services on the Eikyufumetsu Point exchanges, with the value of points under management at about ¥1.0 billion.
When people first begin investing, they often describe the experience as “scary” or “troublesome,” and some are of the belief that they cannot understand the process. We launched “Saison Pocket” in November 2019 to alleviate these concerns and show that investment could
be customer friendly, simple and easy to understand. Customers can open securities accounts following easy procedures and start amassing investment trust and stock holdings by making card- based payments. Purchases using Eikyufumetsu Points are also possible, and we will continue to
Hand-in-hand with the customer’s life cycle Supporting the customer’s first steps in investing in an era where living to 100 years old is increasingly common
     FY2019 results
History of the Asset Management Business
December Launched the Point Investment 2016 Services
September Launched the Point Investment 2018 Services course
a smartphone-based securities service
Ability to accumulate investment trusts and stocks through card-based payments
Key points in FY2020
Expand products and services with a focus on increasing user count
Strengthen cooperative efforts with the Daiwa Securities Group, Saison Asset Management and Smartplus to further expand “Saison Pocket” as a platform for asset formation
Asset formation platform
    November Launched Saison Pocket,
2019
Enhanced cooperation
Enhanced cooperation
  23

    Future Issues and Initiatives
Key Performance Indicators (KPIs)
Main Services
support customers’ smooth transition to real investments. We believe the experience of long-term investment with the added bonus of points will likely contribute to an accelerated flow from savings to asset formation thanks to an increase in young beginners who have never before invested.
Note: The patent for “Point Investment Services” (No. 6357521) was granted in June 2018.
Credit Saison is responding to customers’ heightened interest in and concerns about increasing their savings, asset formation and investment. Though asset-formation services are conventionally regarded as geared toward the high-net-worth segment, Credit Saison believes that extending these services to other segments, such as young people and housewives, is necessary for the expansion of the investment business and the sound development of the market. Credit Saison is taking several measures to expand its user base. In addition to augmenting the list of products and services we handle, we are strengthening our collaboration with partners such as the Daiwa Securities Group, Smartplus Ltd. and Saison Asset Management Co., Ltd. to expand Saison Pocket.
    Long-term asset- formation funds Balance of assets under management
 About ¥300billion
User count
About 500,000 individuals
 Funds invested
About ¥1billion
    Customer accounts with a balance About 3million
Number of credit card holders About26million
Net financial assets classification
Very affluent ¥500 million or more
Affluent
¥100 million or more
Upper mass market ¥30
million or more
Mass market Less than ¥30 million
Payment and loan services for the very affluent
Daiwa Securities Saison Platinum American Express Card
Launched special credit cards for customers doing business with Daiwa Securities in November 2020
Securities and asset management services for cardholders
By age group
  50s or older
40s or older
90s or older
                     Under 20
 Executive Officer’s Message
 Said to be a service geared primarily toward the affluent segment, asset formation is often considered by many customers to be irrelevant to their own lives. At Credit Saison, we are working to enhance operations in the asset management business domain by listening to questions posed by customers such as, “How can I nurture the growth of my own money?” and “How best can I manage my most important assets?” With this in mind, we have obtained a patent for the Point Investment Services business, which helps our customers who are just starting out in investing. In its third year, the business now has more than 500,000 users. In particular, we are providing new investors, including young people and women, the opportunity to participate in practice investing exercises before engaging in the real thing. While there are still many customers who are moving only a limited number of points, we note that activity is steadily picking up.
We also launched a tie-up with partner Daiwa Securities Group in April 2020. Our goal is to provide service ideas to our customers through face-to-face and Internet-based consultations. We look forward to continuing to offer services that support our customers and manage the assets entrusted to us in a safe and easy-to-understand manner.
Kaori Shimada Executive Officer In Charge of Asset Management Dept.
 24

   STRATEGY
Digital Marketing
By fusing IT technology with its financial service know-
how, Credit Saison is providing “high-quality content” and “convenience payment services” for its credit cardholders.
In addition to responding to the changes in customer psychology and behavior caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, such as “non- face-to-face meetings” and “loss of contact,” we recognize that DX must be advanced at an accelerated pace to enhance UX.
To solve these problems, we aim to build a foundation for a growth trajectory by promoting our four DX strategies: payment business, peripheral services, in-house IT and marketing.
  Market Environment
Progress of the Medium-term Management Plan
In 2019, the size of the market for domestic consumer e-commerce transactions expanded to ¥19.4 trillion (a year-on-year increase of 7.7%) and domestic business-to-business e-commerce transactions to ¥353.0 trillion (up 2.5% year on year). The EC conversion rate in all commercial transactions is increasing, with BtoC at 6.8% (up 0.5% compared with the previous year) and BtoB at 31.7% (up 1.5% year on year), and the digitalization of commercial transactions continues to progress. Due to digital technologies progressing in this way, amid the major changes in lifestyles and business environments, our business is changing rapidly in every respect, including our products, sales and competitive environment.
In a business environment that is undergoing drastic change due to the rapid progress being made in digitalization, Credit Saison is engaging in DX as a priority management strategy for creating innovation. Domains driven by digital technology to dramatically alter the customer experience and business streamlining stretch across the Company, starting with credit operations, such as credit examination and issue, usage, invoicing, development and credit management, to the marketing domain, consisting of branding, sales promotion and CRM, and on to organizational activities to develop new businesses that utilize Company resources and raise internal productivity. Through DX, we are working to create an outstanding service experience for our credit cardholders, partner clients, card-affiliated stores and all of our customers.
Four DX Strategies
Creation of membership services, concierge functions, new businesses
To bring our credit cardholders’ QOL to a higher level, it is essential to deliver “new information” and “information that people want to know” at the appropriate time and in a timely manner using digital technology. We are creating new businesses, such as Saison Classe, Saison’s Otsukidama and SAISON CARD Digital, to create a customer experience that fully delights and surprises.
Embedding of technology for promotion of DX
To strengthen early efforts with companies that have advanced and innovative technologies toward the development of services for the digital age, through Saison Ventures we had invested in 29 venture companies as of March 31, 2020. These include venture companies involved in payment, commerce, sharing and new technologies.
      25
Development of cards in special fields SAISON CARD Digital
Development of digital payment functions Development of cardless loans
Moving to in-house product development and production, starting with the areas of highest customer contact
Streamlining of in-house infrastructure Digitalization of call centers
  Strengthening of Saison Classe, Saison’s Otsukidama, Point Mall, Saison Furusato Tax Payment, data business, etc.
Development of new peripheral services
Full-fledged deployment of digital marketing
Full-fledged deployment of social media marketing
Revision of approaches to appeal to younger segments
t
n
e
s
s
e
m
I
n
n
-
y
i
o
a
s
u
u
P
s
e
b
I
T
P
g
n
i
e s
r
t
i
e
p
e
k
r
a
h
r
M
v
e
r
i
h
c
a
l
e
s

    Future Issues and Initiatives
Key Performance Indicators (KPIs)
Main Services
Securing human resources with expertise in digital technology is essential to respond quickly and accurately to the rapid changes in that technology. In conjunction with strengthening the recruitment of engineers, we are working to develop the digitally savvy human resources who will be able to create digital technology as a customer experience that fully delights and surprises. At the same time, to effectively utilize the information entrusted to us by our customers, we will work to further strengthen compliance, such as by appropriately managing the information that is received into our care based on the Personal Information Protection Law.
        Indicator
Number of registered “Net Answer” and “At U Net” internet service members
Cumulative number of downloads of the “Saison Portal” and “UC Portal” smartphone apps
Saison Ventures
(Number of investee companies)
SAISON CARD Digital
14.25 million
3.98 million
Four companies (cumulative total: 17)
15.05 million
5.49 million
Seven companies (cumulative total: 24)
FY2017
FY2018
FY2019
    15.63 million
    7.36 million
    Five companies (cumulative total: 29)
      This service enables the issue of a digital card from an app in as little as five minutes after completing a
credit card application by smartphone and the card’s immediate use for online shopping and contactless payment at physical stores.
“Saison Furusato Tax Payment” furusato donation website
Page 19 Payment Business
  This service enables use not only from donation applications to donation payments in one stop but also the use of Eikyufumetsu Points as well as Saison Card and UC Card payments to pay donations. If users log in via the “Net Answer” and “At U Net” Internet services, basic information such as the names and addresses and credit card information required for furusato donation payments will be
automatically synced, thereby enabling ease of use.
Saison Classe
Targeting card members who use the “Saison Portal” and “UC Portal” smartphone apps for Saison Card and UC Card, this service enables customers to earn points by raising their ranking in accordance with their usage records. Using an app makes it easy to obtain preferential usage and to confirm information on special offers.
Saison’s Otsukidama
For every ¥500 (tax included) spent using Saison and UC cards, cardholders receive a “lottery ticket that gives them a chance to win ¥10,000 in cash” (a maximum of three tickets per day). The lottery, in which each ticket obtained gives one chance, takes place on the 15th of every month, and 10,000 people are given a prize of ¥10,000 in cash.
“STOREE SAISON,” a store that accepts Eikyufumetsu Points
This media-type mail-order site introduces products and experiences, both from Japan and overseas, to enrich the daily lives of customers. Not merely introducing items, the site also tells the stories of how those items came about, the struggles that the items’ creators faced in their production and the creators’ own
originality and ingenuity, as well as other matters about which the creators of those items were
thinking. Moreover, the site conveys ways to enjoy the items and other information.
     Managing Executive Officer’s Message
The Digital Innovation Division has adopted four DX strategies: payment business, peripheral services, in-house IT and marketing. While aiming to bring these strategies to fruition, in FY2019 we launched the Technology Center, which is an in-house system development production team for the digital age. This team hires specialists, such as engineers, data scientists and designers, from outside and trains more than 10 employees in-house as specialists. From credit card examination and issue to in-house organizational activities, we aim to provide services that will create a customer experience that will delight and surprise our customers while streamlining our in-house operations by utilizing the power of digital technology.
Kazutoshi Ono Managing Executive Officer CTO Head of Digital Innovation Division
  26

   STRATEGY
Finance Business
This business is largely centered on the Lease & Rental Business, the Credit Guarantee Business and the Other Finance Products Business.
With a firm focus on customer-oriented products, we are building a firm foundation as a non-bank resistant to changes in the operating environment and diversifying our revenue sources by strengthening relationships with our partners and providing financial services, including asset formation loans, in line with the needs of the market.
  Market Environment
Progress of the Medium-term Management Plan
Amid an acceleration in the aging of the population and the decline in the birthrate, an era where living to 100 has become commonplace has brought with it a diversification in finance-related needs, making it increasingly important to expand services to foreign residents and senior citizens. Moreover, we believe that addressing environmental and social issues by offering environmentally friendly and security- related products in line with the goal of realizing a safe and sustainable society will not only create new business opportunities but also contribute to improving the quality of life of people in general.
The asset balance in the Finance Business surpassed the ¥2 trillion level in FY2019, thanks to not only an expansion in the financial services offered but also the strengthening of relationships with our existing partners and expansions into new alliances.
Expanding the lineup of financial services
Saison Rent Guarantee Rent Quick* in April 2019 began offering the Point de Yachin Juto Service, which allows the payment of rent and the next year’s guarantee fees using Eikyufumetsu Points. The Finance Business expanded its lineup of original services in June 2019 with the launch of the self-funded Saison Flat 35 (guarantee-type) loan, a mortgage product that offers an even lower interest rate than the Saison Flat 35 (purchase-type) loan.
* Saison Rent Guarantee Rent Quick was launched in July 2017 as a rent guarantee service that makes advance payments on behalf of custom- ers (tenants) related to rent agreements. Eikyufumetsu Points can be earned by paying rent and guarantee fees with a credit card.
As a lifestyle creation financial service, we began accepting applications for our alliance card with Hekikai Shinkin Bank, our partner in the credit guarantee business, in July 2020 with the aim of providing a wide range of money services that are closely aligned with the life cycles of each of our customers
(be they individual or corporate). In line with the goal of merging the payment business and the finance business, we will provide financial products to approximately 37 million cardholders in the payment business and payment-related products to the roughly 330,000 customers in the finance business.
In the Lease & Rental Business, we will work to expand the balance of receivables by developing new products, including IT/cloud-related products and subscription fees, while also promoting the development of new markets, including interior construction utilizing business installments.
In addition to existing credit guarantee products for individuals, we will work to develop financial products for small and medium-sized enterprises, which we believe will lead to the further revitalization of Japan as a whole, including the country’s more outlying areas.
Within the Other Finance Products Business, we will not only improve customer convenience using guarantee-type Flat-35 loans and the digitalization of asset formation loans but also focus on expanding rent guarantee channels through the use of SAISON CARD Digital.
Finally, in addition to developing products for high-net-worth individuals, foreign residents and senior citizens through utilization of our own big data, we will continue to focus on maximizing profit by curbing risk and improving efficiency through the use of RPA and IT technologies.
    27
Future Issues and Initiatives

    Key Performance Indicators (KPIs)
      Director‘s Message
Indicator
Lease & Rental balance of receivables
Credit Guarantee balance of receivables
Asset Formation Loan balance of receivables
Flat 35 Loan balance
(Including outstanding receivables transferred to the Japan Housing Finance Agency)
¥295.4 billion ¥342.4 billion ¥341.5 billion ¥593.4 billion
¥308.5 billion ¥346.6 billion ¥506.2 billion ¥764.6 billion
FY2017
FY2018
FY2019
    ¥328.1 billion
    ¥348.9 billion
    ¥622.1 billion
    ¥960.9 billion
      Main Services
We provide products covering rental contracts and home purchases, and all their associated costs, responding to the housing-related demand that is the foundation of individual customer lifestyles. We also assist our customers in the formation of assets through real estate, thus supporting the creation of affluent and rewarding daily lives.
Lease & Rental Business
We are forging ahead with the development of finance leases, business-use installment sales and rentals, especially for office automation (OA) equipment and LED lighting in line with the capital investment plans of businesses.
Credit Guarantee Business
With a focus on credit guarantees for unsecured personal loans that do not set conditions on the use of funds, we are working closely with partner financial institutions as we support the promotion of loans to individuals.
Flat 35 Loans and Rent Guarantees
We offer Flat 35 loans (purchase-type loans and guarantee-type loans) and are developing lifestyle creation financial services that include support for everything from rentals to purchases.
Real Estate Finance
Our loan portfolio includes loans provided to individuals to purchase real estate for investment purposes (Saison Asset Formation Loans), loans for renovations, loans for project financing to real estate business operators (Real Estate Mortgage Loans) and real estate nonrecourse loans.
Credit Saison is developing its finance business based on three pillar businesses: “Lease & Rental,”
“Credit Guarantee” and “Other Finance Products.” For the Lease & Rental Business, we are forging ahead in sales of OA equipment and kitchen equipment in line with the capital investment plans of businesses, as well in telecommuting-related products for corporations as they make progress in work-style reforms. For the Credit Guarantee Business, we specialize in credit guarantees for unsecured personal loans that do not set conditions on the use of funds, working through partner financial institutions, with which we collaborate closely in terms of both marketing and credit controls as we strive to acquire new business. We aim to release new products and services, including owner subleasing guarantees and small, web-based loans. For the Other Finance Products Business, we are offering unique products and services tailored to customer needs—led by Flat 35 loans, asset formation loans and rent guarantees—while endeavoring to accumulate high-quality assets by building on strengthened relationships with our partners and affiliates. We aim to launch services specific to medical institutions and will utilize our sales capabilities and nationwide network built up in the card business to provide financial services tailored to market needs
as we put into place a business foundation as a non-bank with diverse sources of revenue and resilient to changes in the market environment thanks to our strengthened relationships with our partner companies.
Tatsunari Okamoto Director, Managing Executive Officer, Head of Finance Division
     28

   STRATEGY
Global Business
Credit Saison’s global business began in 2005, when the Company entered the market in Shanghai, China. The Company has entered nine countries, including Vietnam, Cambodia, Indonesia, Singapore, Thailand and India, since establishing an overseas headquarters in 2014 aimed at global business expansion. Credit Saison will realize financial inclusion and, in turn, contribute to the economic development of these regions by leveraging its partnerships with local companies to provide financial products and solutions to underserved segments of the population mainly in Southeast Asia and India who have insufficient access to financial services from banks and other institutions.
  Market Environment
Progress of the Medium-term Management Plan
Amid expectations for an ongoing expansion in both population and GDP, we expect significant growth in Asia moving forward, although the fact that relatively few people in the region have bank accounts indicates that the current level of financial services being offered might not be sufficient to meet the needs of all the people. Given these conditions, the spread of smartphones and rapid progress of digitalization is contributing to new services being developed using the latest in cutting-edge technologies.
Credit Saison is working to expand its earnings base in future-oriented global business by investing in and collaborating with local companies, including those operating in the FinTech domain, in order to extend its financial services expertise accumulated in Japan to Asian countries with insufficient financial access.
Moving into new countries to establish a global business earnings base
In addition to a steady expansion in our businesses, mainly centered on existing businesses in the nine countries in which we already operate, we are advancing initiatives, such as collaboration with multinational companies as well as the development of mobile payment systems, AI
credit granting and digital scoring operations, to further complement the strengthening of our businesses in each country.
The duplication and diversification of businesses
We established the corporate venture capital company Saison Capital in Singapore in June 2019, and it has begun financing and investing in start-up companies. Saison Capital has already invested in KoinWorks, a P2P platformer targeting Indonesian SMEs, and Quona, a fund that operates under the concept of financial inclusion in emerging markets mainly in Central/South America and Africa.
In November 2019, Credit Saison began digital lending operations through Kisetsu Saison Finance established in India. We have worked to expand our businesses in the Indian digital lending market, which has grown rapidly due to financing needs among SMEs and individual clients who have been underserved by banks. In February 2020, Kisetsu Saison Finance undertook new financing in Gojo & Company, Inc., which provides microfinancing through local subsidiaries and affiliates in four countries: Cambodia, Myanmar, Sri Lanka and India.
We will engage in business selection and concentration in a bid to solidly increase earnings from business platforms built in countries where we have made inroads. Through retail finance provider HD Saison Finance Company, we are expanding operations in Vietnam mainly in the installment credit business for items such as motorcycles, smartphones and home appliances while developing new earnings platforms by establishing a new credit card business. Through digital lending and leasing operator PT. Saison Modern Finance, we will pursue in Indonesia SME and individual finance businesses in the P2P lending field in partnership with local companies. In India, we aim to expand
    29
Future Issues and Initiatives

 Myanmar
Undertaking the business license application procedures required for the launch of the microfinance business (as of March 2020)
India
Kisetsu Saison Finance (India) Private Limited
• Established June 2018 (Investment ratio 99.99%)
• Digital lending business
Singapore
Credit Saison Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd.
• Established May 2014 (Investment ratio 100%)
• Overseas business development and integrated management
Saison Capital Pte. Ltd.
• Established June 2019 (Investment ratio 100%)
• Investment and financing for overseas start-ups
Director’s Message
Thailand
SIAM SAISON Co., Ltd.
• Established in November 2018 (Investment ratio 40%)
• Digital credit granting/payment business
China
Credit Saison Corporation (Shanghai) Limited
• Established March 2005 (Investment ratio 100%)
• Consulting business Philippines
Undertaking preparations for the launch of the loan business (as of March 2020)
Cambodia
businesses by acquiring licenses in non-bank financial operations and increasing collaboration with local companies that have lending know-how.
Securing global personnel is indispensable for expanding our business and moving into new countries. In addition to the active recruitment of local employees with a variety of cultural values, we will continue to promote the appointment of executive candidates regardless of whether they are Japanese. In addition to upgrading the internal control system for each operating company, we are strengthening our corporate governance system, which includes creating a mutual checking system involving business supervision and monitoring from the Tokyo headquarters and the Singapore subsidiary in its capacity as a regional headquarters.
Bangladesh
Areas where market entry is completed
Areas we are considering entering
Indonesia
PT. Saison Modern Finance
Taiwan
Malaysia
• Established August 2015 (Subsidiary of an affiliated company in which Credit Saison holds a
50% stake)
• Loan and installment payments business
Vietnam
HD SAISON Finance Company Ltd.
• Established May 2015 (Investment ratio 49%)
• Retail finance business
• Established September 2015 (Investment ratio 82%) • Digital lending business/leasing business
The spread of the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) mainly in Southeast Asia and India has significantly affected Credit Saison’s global business. New financing in individual countries was temporarily halted from early in the year, when the pandemic began to clearly emerge, and we closely watched these trends. Consequently, we are phasing back operations while monitoring conditions in each country without incurring severe losses.
Despite these circumstances, demand is brisk in the Company’s main target markets—the middle class and segments not served by banks—which look poised for further growth after COVID-19 has been contained. Looking ahead, Credit Saison will accelerate its global business in collaboration with various local partners in each country to achieve sustainable growth.
Katsumi Mizuno Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer, Head of Global Business Division
Idemitsu Saison Microfinance (Cambodia) Plc.
Idemitsu Saison Microfinance (Cambodia) Plc.
30

  STRATEGY
Financial Capital Strategy
Growing the three pillars of business in a well-balanced manner with a priority on maintaining and improving financial soundness
Shingo Baba
Managing Executive Officer
Head of Corporate Planning Dept., Corporate Risk Management Dept., Treasury & Accounting Dept.
 Q
Tell us about the basic policy behind the Company’s financial strategy.
are part of the reason we work to secure liquidity on hand in preparation for emergencies. This lesson has informed our unshakable financial base amid the current COVID-19 pandemic. Against the more than ¥3 trillion in total assets held by the Group, we have secured a commitment
line of approximately ¥300 billion, a credit receivables
 As a non-bank that mainly engages in the Payment Business, our approach to financing is similar to that
of “purchasing,” which is used by standard services companies. The degree to which we can cheaply and consistently procure “purchases” directly connects to subsequent business activities and affects profitability in regard to the degree to which we can secure interest margins. Given this business model, under our financial strategy we manage the Company with an acute awareness of our credit rating. Although we received an A+ (stability) issuer rating from Rating and Investment Information, Inc. (R&I), we measure the confidence level, which represents the amount of risk suited to this rating, as 99.75% and engage in risk capital management in
a way that allocates the minimum required capital by quantifying this level for each business and affiliated company. Based on the investment allowance derived
in this way, we engage in “growth investments” and distribute “shareholder returns.” Calculating these enables us to execute agile decision-making for matters that fall within the scope of the investment allowance, even in
the case of high-risk overseas investment and financing projects or share repurchases, and to prioritize the maintenance and improvement of financial soundness.
One aspect we pay particular attention to in working to maintain financial soundness is securing liquidity on hand for emergency funds. As a result of
the 2008 global financial crisis, our listed subsidiary involved in the real estate business fell into management peril, at which point we fully supported the company’s management restructuring by assuming all its obligations and implementing a share exchange to convert the company into a fully owned subsidiary. At the time, every company in Japan faced extreme difficulty in procuring funds from financial markets, and I am sure everyone experienced the struggle to surmount the challenge of securing liquidity on hand for cash. These experiences
liquidation limit of approximately ¥180 billion, cash on hand of approximately ¥100 billion and liquidity on hand of approximately ¥580 billion. In addition, because of actions taken by the Bank of Japan, the Federal Reserve Board (FRB), the European Central Bank (ECB) and other central banks to encourage global-scale monetary easing policies, we were able to avoid funding challenges relating to the pandemic. We will continue to maintain this stance of preparing for emergencies.
 Maintaining and improving financial soundness
(A+ credit rating) through appropriate risk capital management
 Knowing the possible risks for each business
 Minimizing risks by not depending solely on any business
 Improving asset efficiency (= profit margin)
 Expanding the surplus quota by changing the business portfolio
  Distribution of capital surplus
     31
Aggressive investment in growing fields
Appropriate shareholder returns
 Strategic investments in Japan and overseas
(capital alliance/M&A)
 Investments in new alliances in various businesses
 Stable and continuous dividends through expansion of the revenue base
FY2020
 Dividend per Payout ratio share forecast forecast
¥45 29.3%
 Stock buyback to improve capital efficiency
 
   Q
Summarize the Company’s achievements over the past 10 years from a financial perspective.
If we look at liabilities, our interest-bearing debt stood at approximately ¥2.4 trillion as of the end of March 2020. More than 60% of this debt consists of long-term funds such as corporate bonds and long-term borrowings procured with a maximum term of 20 years. To receive the benefits of historically low interest rates resulting from the Bank of Japan’s negative interest rate policy, along with the use of commercial paper that can be procured at almost zero interest, we are advancing the transition to fixed interest rate procurement as a means of
 Since the 2008 global financial crisis, the payment
business, which makes up the core of the Group, has
experienced a business climate that has made operations
a significant challenge, including strengthened legal
regulations, such as revisions to the Money Lending
Business Act and the Installment Sales Act, as well as
Supreme Court rulings on overpayment refund requests.
The biggest challenge was that these changes occurred
while our project to construct a new core system was Debt Corporate bond under way, which forced us to temporarily freeze system (Billions of yen)
development for new alliances and other endeavors. This,
in turn, placed a shackle on the growth of the payment
business. Meanwhile, the Lease & Payment, Credit
Guarantee, Asset Formation Loan, Rent Guarantee and
Other Finance businesses expanded significantly during
this period. Looking at our asset makeup (excluding
special asset management), the payment business, which
accounted for roughly 70% of assets 10 years ago, has
now fallen to just under 50%. From the perspective of
income contribution as well, this indicates that we have
shifted from our conventional position of a single footing
to a second pillar of growth, namely the finance business.
Although both the payment and finance businesses
maintain a significant share domestically and have charted
a course to operational stability, we will nurture the
global business with a focus on Southeast Asia, which is
anticipated to have higher growth potential, as a third pillar.
Balance of interest-bearing debt (non-consolidated)
CP Securitization
2,380.2
35.0
2,500
2,000 1,951.6
2,201.1 20.0
   1,850.9 20.0 40.0 389.5
550.0 511.0
   1,500 358.0
305.0 340.0
415.0
1,255.1
467.0
1,328.2
    1,000
500 1,147.9 1,202.1
   0
2019 (FY)
2016 2017
Note: Securitized borrowings coinciding with the Flat 35 home loan business are calculated after excluding the interest-bearing debt balance and long-term/fixed ratio estimate.
2018
 32

  STRATEGY
Financial Capital Strategy
reducing future interest rate fluctuation risk while enabling procurement at low interest rates. At the same time, we are working to level and diversify repayment terms while controlling durations to prevent widespread growth in repayment amounts due to temporary finance needs.
Q
we employ the capabilities of outside experts to help identify potential risks and deliberate the countermeasures for these at Board of Directors’ meetings.
  Q
Tell us about the major management indicators, risk management and investment decisions involved in executing risk capital management.
Tell us about the risks that have been ascertained from a financial perspective and how the Company intends to ensure against these.
  We have defined business income, ROE and the shareholders’ equity ratio as the major management indicators for raising corporate value. As an independent non-bank company, among these, securing a certain shareholders’ equity ratio is critical to building financial stability. With this understanding, we consult the opinions of rating agencies and manage the Company with attention paid to maintaining a 15% shareholders’ equity ratio over the medium to long term.
In terms of risk management, the ALM Committee deliberates risk quantification for each business, risk capital investment policies, the weighted average cost
of capital (WACC) and the target for return on invested capital (ROIC). In terms of individual investment proposals, members of the Investment Strategy Committee with expertise in financial, digital and global matters, as well
as those involved in finance, accounting, legal affairs and risk oversight, deliberate on matters from a multifaceted perspective to first identify risk. Following this, we make the actual investment decisions at meetings of the Executive Board and the Board of Directors. In terms of high-value investment and overseas investment proposals,
Domestically, we foresee a risk of higher interest rates. In addition to extending procurement terms and switching to fixed interest rates, we are managing this risk by diversifying our investors and procurement methods. These moves will help reduce and eliminate risk through diversification in a variety of respects.
Moreover, we will need to investigate measures for eliminating foreign exchange risk as we expand business in Southeast Asia. Our business is based on a model of taking credit risk to produce returns, so we must avoid taking foreign exchange risks that we cannot control.
To a certain degree, we can address foreign exchange risk by combining foreign exchange contracts and currency swaps with yen procurement within Japan. As the scale of our overseas business expands, however, we will consider and adopt local fund procurement and management approaches.
From a business portfolio perspective, a higher reliance on a single business will raise the risk of survival as a company. In this sense, strengthening the three business pillars I mentioned earlier while maintaining a good balance will be essential. Regarding the domestic payment and finance businesses, creating a centralized database founded on the information we acquire through these businesses will enable us to make proposals tailored to customer needs and life events in a timely manner, and thereby help strengthen both businesses. The use of AI and DX will also increase the efficiency of business operations, which I feel will help reinforce the management base itself.
Long-term/fixed borrowing ratio (non-consolidated)
Trends in management indicators
 Medium- to long-term target
ROE of 10% or more Shareholders’ Equity Ratio of about15%
  Shareholders’ Equity
(Billions of yen) 500
450
350
Shareholders’ Equity Ratio
ROE
(%) 484.7 20
14.415 10
Long-term borrowing ratio
Fixed interest borrowing ratio
65.9 66.1
60.3
(%) 80
70 60 50
68.2 67.3 61.8 62.6
59.2
            5 000
2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
2016 2017
2018
2019 (FY)
4.7
  33

   Capital policy (Risk capital management)
 ALM management is introduced to measure risk and allocate risk capital for each business.
 Profit and loss fluctuation risks are measured by aiming at a confidence level of 99.75% using an Earnings at Risk (EaR) model to maintain an A+ rating.
 Remeasurement is performed regularly to reflect track record updates and changes on the balance sheet.
  Consolidated capital
¥497.2 billion
(excludes the impact of adopting IFRS 9)
FY2019
 Risk capital allocation for each business
¥379.8 billion
Dividends ¥7.0 billion
  Minimum required capital
¥99.4 billion
 Investment allowance ¥10.9 billion
Risk capital surplus
¥110.3 billion
 Risk capital allocation policy
 Twenty percent of the consolidated capital within the risk capital surplus is secured as the minimum required capital (¥99.4 billion).
 After excluding the minimum required capital, an investment allowance (¥10.9 billion) is allocated to high-profit businesses, growing businesses, new businesses or returns to shareholders.
 Return on investment is verified by monitoring each business asset, and investments are planned by replacing, reducing and effectively using inefficient assets.
  Assets categorized by business
etc.
 Payment Business
 Lease Business
Credit Guarantee Business
  Finance Business
 Real Estate Business
 Global Business
 Risk factors
 Interest rate
 Bad debt
 Price fluctuation
 Q
Tell us about the Company’s approach to shareholder returns.
forecast even during the current COVID-19 pandemic. As a non-bank, it is important for us to hold a certain level
of shareholders’ equity as part of business operations, so we will focus on our ability to continue offering a stable dividend without being swayed by performance or transient factors.
Meanwhile, we will maintain a robust financial structure that allows us to acquire shareholders’ equity whenever necessary, while at the same time preparing to respond agilely at the required timing. In working to raise corporate value, it is also important for us to share perspectives through close dialogue with creditors, and we will address shareholder returns in consideration of the balance between shareholders and creditors.
Q Finally, please offer a word to the stakeholders.
Our emphasis on finance serves to strengthen the business by stably procuring the funds required for each business and by allocating capital efficiently and in a well-balanced manner to the three business portfolios, which combine stability and growth potential. With the stable release of the core system, the payment business is enjoying a tailwind, including the Japanese government’s stated goal of achieving a cashless payment ratio of
40% by 2025. Although overseas business expansion is riskier than expansion in Japan, under the concept of
risk capital management, we aim to maximize returns in
a way that maintains financial soundness. We have finally established an environment in which we can expand the three businesses without limitation, so we hope everyone is looking forward to our future performance.
 Our policy is to make stable, continuous dividend payments to our shareholders. In the past, we have maintained stable dividends even when recording
losses coinciding with the restructuring of our real estate subsidiary. We have also maintained a consistent dividend
Dividend per share and payout ratio
 Dividend policy
Stable and continuous dividend payments
No dividend cuts in the past even during times of management hardship
 Dividend per share (Yen)
Payout ratio Completion of system migration (second-stage system release) (%)
 80
60
Start of Atrium restructuring plan
40 20
60 45 30 15
2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 (FY) (forecast)
58.3
First-stage release of the associated core system
Completion of the Atrium restructuring plan
43.6
   42.9
 Full implementation of the revised Money Lending
45
45
 Business Act Atrium business reorganization 35
3
   30 29.3 00
(spin-off)
       16.8
21.6
 (55.5) 18.6 12.8 9.4 32.7 25.5 12.6 26.1 42.2 38.3 30.5 22.8 24.0 (¥billion)
2
24.1
31.4
29.
   23.7
13.5 14.9
 JGAAP IFRS
  34
Net income

    STRATEGY
SpecialFeature ValueCo-CreationthroughBusiness Global Business
 Social Impact
United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs)
Ensure access to financial services, including microfinance
Promote growth of Micro-SMEs including through access to financial services Increase the access to financial services, including affordable credit
      Bridging the Financial Inclusion
Gap with Impact Investing
Credit Saison offers customers across Asia financial services and solutions, both directly and in partnership with local lending institutions, leveraging its deep domain expertise in non-bank finance in Japan. Large sections of populations across Southeast Asian countries remain underserved or unbanked as they lack some or all of the requirements banks have, or fall outside of such banks’ parameters for credit. Many of these customers even lack access to simple bank accounts.
With emerging FinTech-enabled non-banks in the region looking to provide credit and other financial services to such individuals and enterprises using innovative sales and underwriting, we see an immense opportunity in providing wholesale debt to such non-banks, with strong risk-adjusted returns. With this approach, we look to further financial inclusion by equipping specialized local lenders with the capital they need to access underserved and unbanked customers.
 Credit Saison’s Approach
With the launch of its impact investing* initiative, Credit Saison looks to harness the power of private capital to create long-term positive impact on individuals and enterprises that otherwise lack access to essential banking and financial services. Credit Saison aims to bridge the
gap between underbanked and unbanked individuals and entrepreneurs in emerging and frontier markets and capital markets by offering high-impact debt capital to specialized local lending institutions in Southeast Asia and beyond.
Through this initiative, we look to contribute toward
the UN SDGs that aim to ensure equitable access to
financial services, enable the growth of MSMEs and
increase access to affordable credit in emerging markets.
* Impact investing aims to not only generate competitive financial returns, but also positively impact communities and the environment. The impact investing market overall is expected to supplement the US$2.5 trillion annual funding gap needed to achieve the 17 UN SDGs that the United Nations has put in place to address the world’s most pressing social and environmental development challenges.
Business Model and Operations
Credit Saison is looking to build a business model that
will leverage its own funds to enable the flow of Japanese impact capital to financial inclusion in emerging markets, via innovative structures that cater to the risk-adjusted return expectations of investors, and the liquidity needs
of investees. Our multi-disciplinary team in Singapore with deep experience in this sector has launched a pilot program of US$10 million, where it will deploy Credit Saison’s own funds to our target sectors and markets, together with partners and advisors. Our holistic approach aims to ensure best-in-class investments, with a pipeline of over 300 potential investees in Southeast Asia alone.
 Investors
  Investment and finance
Finance
        Impact Investing
Charitable donations
Social and environmental return
Solution of social issues
     Development in emerging markets such as Southeast Asia
Return
Credit Saison (Singapore)
Return
Financial institutions
    35
Project team
Economic return
Previous investments

    KoinWorks – a P2P Platform Catering to MSMEs
KoinWorks is a licensed and regulated large P2P (peer-to-peer) lending platform in Indonesia that enables the flow of credit from individual and institutional lenders alike to micro, small and medium enterprises, that lack access to credit from traditional financial institutions such as banks and large non-banks. The FinTech company utilizes machine-learning to assess borrowers, thus helping them meet the credit needs that their businesses require to grow. The company currently serves over 300,000 underserved entrepreneurs in Indonesia.
Interview
(CEO and Co-founder: Benedicto Haryono)
Q1 What is the importance of driving financial inclusion in Indonesia and how do you see the market evolving?
Very important. Indonesia is a country of opportunities, but even after a few decades we still haven’t been able to reach our said potential. Of 173 million adults, 80% of the population are underbanked or unbanked. It makes sense
that people find it hard to invest in the betterment of their lives. We think that Indonesia is in the concurrent processes of adopting digitalization while at the same time building its capabilities, and this trend is accelerating due to the effects COVID-19 has brought.
Q2
Our mission is to enable people to realize their dreams through affordable and accessible financing. We are driven by both the desire to deliver impact and the ambition that we can prove our theory right. We founded KoinWorks on the belief that the dual mission of profitability and high social impact and we have confidence that they are achievable in this model.
Q3 What are some of the challenges you face in catering to the MSMEs you cater to, and how do you tackle these challenges?
We have many challenges especially in the financial literacy of the entrepreneurs and also on how to encourage these entrepreneurs to go higher. We actively conduct education events and share them online, although the latter is the more challenging of the two as quite a few entrepreneurs are happy where they are and don’t have higher aspirations.
     KoinWorks CEO & Co-founder Benedicto Haryono
What is KoinWorks’ mission?
 36

    STRATEGY
SpecialFeature ValueCo-CreationthroughBusiness Payment Business
 Social Impact
United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs)
Secure settlement services Provision of infrastructure
    Efforts to Realize Safe and
Secure Cashless Payments
Due to digitalization, significant progress is being made in the continued transition to a cashless society. The COVID-19 pandemic has accelerated moves in which contactless and remote are regarded as keywords that have brought about major changes in our daily lives. Amid such changes, companies are being required to respond to security issues, including new types of fraud, which accompany the progress of a cashless society. Having introduced new security countermeasure solutions to eliminate fraud at the initial credit examination stage and during credit monitoring inspections, Credit Saison is working to realize safe and secure cashless payments for its customers.
Credit Saison’s Approach
   We are building a stronger security platform by combining the credit card screening know-how and experience we have cultivated over the 70 years since our founding with new systems in collaboration with partner companies.
Specifically, we are working to eliminate fraud in cashless payments by three courses of action: the AI-based
Secure payment en1vironments in the cashless era
automation of unauthorized credit card use detection, the introduction of technology to prevent identity fraud and rogue device detection. Through these efforts, we are providing our customers with safe and secure payment environments while contributing to the spread of timely and contactless payment methods in the new era.
 System for detecting unauthorized
credit card use
A system for the discriminant analysis of
transactions with high fraud risk using a fraud
risk scoring model that utilizes AI (machine AI-based automation of learning) to prevent fraudulent use by third unauthorized credit card parties. The automatic learning of
eKYC
LIQUID eKYC is a new online identity verification service, provided by Liquid Inc., which possesses identity verification technology based on biometric authentication. The service completes the application procedure online simply by taking a picture of the identity verification documents and face image. Combining LIQUID eKYC with Saison Connect, which links our card information with API, enables its immediate use on smartphones (mobile payments) after an examination is completed without waiting for the receipt of a plastic card.
   sophisticated fraudulent techniques and the use detection ascertaining of the latest trends at an early
stage enable the quick and highly accurate
detection of unauthorized credit card use
 from a hug
e amount of transaction data.
23
   Fraud prevention by means of device identification
Prevention of identity fraud by means of face recognition technology
technology Rogue device detection
 37
A service that detects fraudulent activity on the Internet using technology that identifies every device used by the customer. By detecting and preventing fraudulent online card applications and the use of cards for shopping by impersonating the cardholder, the service makes it possible to eliminate anxiety about Internet transactions and provide safe and secure Internet services.

       Dialogue
  Aiming to create new value in security responsibilities as a leading-edge service company in the “living with COVID” era
We interviewed Megumi Yamada, General Manager of the Credit Examination Center, and Ryuta Nishiyama, General Manager of the Tokyo Risk Management Center, who are involved in initial credit examinations and credit monitoring inspections, respectively.
Q1 Please tell us about the new challenges with the COVID-19 pandemic.
Yamada: Because of the COVID-19 pandemic, credit card applications have changed from face-to-face to non-face-to-face. The latter requires a new identity fraud elimination mechanism.
Nishiyama: From before the COVID-19 pandemic until now, the fraudulent means have changed. I think that companies are required to take continuous measures against fraudulent trends that change according to the external environment.
Q2 Please tell us about your security efforts.
Yamada: As a solution against the new types of fraud, we are engaged in efforts that include identifying individual device information and rejecting applications from suspicious devices.
Nishiyama: I believe that two things are required of security measures: fraud prevention and the early detection of any fraud that has taken place. We are working to improve the accuracy of timely information distribution and detection so that, as far as possible, customers will not suffer any financial loss.
Q3 Please tell us about the three strategies for eliminating fraud and the creation of new value for customers, industry and society.
Concerning prevention of identity fraud by means of face recognition technology
Yamada: The introduction of eKYC face recognition technology has made it possible, for the first time in the industry, to prevent identity fraud in real time even for non-face-to-face applications.
Nishiyama: eKYC was introduced around the fall of 2019, and it seems that there has been a high degree of interest, for example, in terms of inquiries received, even from other companies in the same industry. We are expecting this to be an area in which we can set ourselves apart from our competitors in the years to come and one in which we believe we will be able to contribute to the development of the industry. For non-face-to-face applications, we
Megumi Yamada
General Manager, Credit Examination Center
Ryuta Nishiyama
General Manager, Tokyo Risk Management Center
 believe that being able to provide the highly convenient eKYC option has provided new value to our customers.
Yamada: We believe that if we become a pioneer in
the industry and that leads to the widespread use of
safe and secure cashless payments, we will increase the trust in the industry. From various surveys, it is clear that the image of credit cards invoking unease and distrust remains deep rooted. We also believe that promoting cashless payments by putting safety and security first and taking security measures will provide a safe and highly convenient payment infrastructure for society.
Concerning fraud prevention by means of device identification technology
Yamada: Today, the world has changed dramatically, and the fraudulent means have diversified compared to what they were before. I think it is important that we make it so that cards can be used with peace of mind by eliminating fraud at both the initial credit examination stage and during credit monitoring inspections by unprecedented methods, including the utilization of device information.
Concerning AI-based automation of unauthorized credit card use detection
Nishiyama: For our efforts with an AI-based unauthorized credit card use detection system, which we started in 2019, we have added improvements that have enabled faster detection. The strength of AI lies in its ability to
find relationships that people will not notice and derive solutions from those relationships. We will further improve the accuracy so that customers can use their cards with peace of mind.
 Q4
Please tell us about how you see the future.
Nishiyama: In the years to come, I think it will be necessary to consider efforts to eliminate fraud by sharing information on fraud within the industry, and even across the industry and society as a whole. In contrast, as credit
is a competitive field, I would like to use Credit Saison’s arsenal of tools as a new initiative in the field of security by devising ways to set ourselves apart from the rest of the industry, in the same way that we have with eKYC.
Yamada: By combining the experience value that Credit Saison has accumulated over the past 70 years with a never-before-seen field of payment, I would like us to build a safe and secure cashless society so that customers can use their cards with peace of mind.
38

 FINANCIAL INFORMATION
11-Year Summary of Selected Financial Data
  JGAAP1/IFRS2
CONSOLIDATED
For the year
At year-end
Per share data (in yen and U.S. dollars)
Key financial ratios (%)
Operating revenues/Net revenue Financial costs
Ordinary income/Business profit
Total equity Interest-bearing debt
Equity per share/Equity attributable to owners of the parent per share
Return on assets (ROA)
2010
306,855 24,377 39,106
341,405 1,776,827
1,846 0.8
205,042 30,661 16,137
2011
285,712 22,577 33,762
347,915 1,657,832
1,880 0.6
194,194 25,484 7,596 2,097,773 2.4 15.3 371,403 1,362,275 73,375 5,912,587
2,265 613
9.1 (52.1)
2012
244,009 19,958 38,590
355,727 1,409,802
1,921 0.4
153,505 37,893 5,613 2,059,435 1.8 15.7 266,904 2,112,431 92,837 6,026,599
1,865 559
8.3 (46.1)
2013
244,405 14,922 53,214
394,868 1,359,856
2,132 1.5
149,844 37,394 24,147
2,051,908 7.2 17.0 260,089 2,166,062 115,297 6,250,675
1,938 580
9.1 (49.8)
                    Equity ratio
  39
FINANCIAL DATA
 NON-CONSOLIDATED
Selling, general and administrative expenses
Operating income
Net income attributable to owners of the parent/ Profit attributable to owners of the parent
  For the year
At year-end
Key financial ratios (%)
Transaction volume
Selling, general and administrative expenses Operating income
Net income
Total assets
Ordinary income
  Total equity
2,200,459 5.2 14.5 604,347 1,310,419 Guarantees 85,637
Interest-bearing debt
  Return on equity (ROE) Equity ratio
Cash advances Agency services
Return on assets (ROA)
  Card shopping
Specialty loans
Leases
Others
Total transaction volume
No. of employees (Males)
No. of paid leave days approved/ Ratio of paid leave used (%)
6,013,118
2,234 610
9.5 (54.8)
          (Females)
Ratio of female managers (%)
Average overtime hours per month
1,645,206
43,768
100,893
23,380
1,624
21.6
13.6
15.5
28,706
1,575,231
36,514
94,831
22,895
0.4
1,652
20.5
13.7
16.4
41,001
1,368,154
34,597
96,852
20,482
1,306
20.8
14.6
18.3
          Operating revenues
Financial costs
257,924
22,221
33,787
239,657
19,977
210,207
18,809
204,121
16,882
41,529
     319,712
320,303
322,502
349,202
1,337,201
     0.7
0.3
32,950
105,356
23,869
1.2
     3,844,670
3,953,411
3,402,494
3,547,050
 NON-FINANCIAL DATA (NON-CONSOLIDATED)
 1,358
19.0
13.2
       1. Japanese standards were applied until FY2017.
2. International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) are applied from FY2018 onward. The Company began applying IFRS No. 9, “Financial Instruments,” on April 1, 2018.
246,305
36,173
18,680
235,758
27,377
12,829
192,184
31,865
9,453
187,170
42,312
32,770
     Total assets
2,374,129
2,231,246
2,155,906
2,141,802
     Net income per share/ Basic net income per share
102
70
51
178
     Return on equity (ROE)
5.7
14.3
3.8
2.7
8.8

                  197,852
206,192
221,553
236,661
241,740
220,974
236,910
2,193,611
36,336
40,161
36,593
31,213
40,771
-
-
-
 25,552
 12,628
 26,163
 42,253
 38,329
 30,517
 22,863
 211,694
 2,285,943
2,373,299
2,550,990
2,720,051
2,940,022
3,212,465
3,357,229
31,085,454
  139
 69
 147
 259
 235
 187
 143
 1.32
  6.3
 2.9
 6.1
 9.8
 8.3
 6.2
 4.7
 4.7
 18.3
 18.8
 16.4
 16.4
 16.3
 15.3
 14.4
 14.4
   205,873
 219,336
 228,713
 238,637
 249,865
 259,018
 268,020
 2,481,667
15,119
14,066
12,620
11,282
9,872
9,748
10,535
97,546
34,872
38,449
32,614
28,210
38,871
39,634
28,348
262,481
  367,808
 388,470
 359,428
 374,477
 396,831
 407,533
 404,809
 3,748,231
 1,457,001
 1,551,189
 1,725,891
 1,852,551
 1,953,740
 2,202,839
 2,378,401
 22,022,231
 0.9
0.5
1.1
0.8
0.8
0.9
1.1
1.1
  3,852,980
 4,089,389
 4,258,284
 4,476,608
 4,683,038
 4,788,537
 4,946,908
 45,804,704
45,506
74,687
121,294
212,217
328,300
512,063
686,501
6,356,491
114,694
106,801
106,000
108,101
114,569
115,589
127,178
1,177,574
30,005
33,732
33,298
32,177
30,677
25,774
29,001
268,528
                  1,395
1,447
1,515
1,597
2,483
2,424
2,169
2,169
18.1
20.1
20.9
22.4
21.2
20.8
21.0
21.0
 16.2
 15.6
 16.1
 14.5
 11.1
 10.2
 10.8
 10.8
  2014
247,577 13,388 44,408
422,829 1,468,740
2,283 1.2
160,927 29,826 18,637
2,200,459 5.2 16.7 264,092 2,303,998 126,281 6,737,558
2,007 612
9.1 (49.9)
2015
259,076 12,722 43,687
447,082 1,557,836
2,424 0.5
169,899 35,370 11,315
2,287,986 3.0 17.0 277,025 2,434,824 137,335 7,153,795
2,078 631
9.5 (52.8)
2016
269,919 11,772 43,802
418,988 1,729,066
2,564 1.1
186,492 29,599 25,570
2,468,797 6.8 14.6 267,723 2,522,242 150,101 7,458,944
2,163 648
8.2 (45.7)
2017
278,944 11,069 53,065
446,882 1,857,477
2,725 1.6
203,038 24,316 21,045
2,623,644 5.7 14.3 253,837 2,671,710 159,914 7,914,568
2,289 692
9.2 (52.4)
2018
292,183 9,671 56,717
480,669 1,957,244
2,933 1.4
207,093 32,900 22,190
2,831,296 5.8 14.0 248,156 2,873,183 131,922 8,409,848
3,297 814
10.0 (56.8)
2019
304,855 9,878 52,233
491,741 2,203,818
3,006 1.0
215,726 33,543 25,875
3,107,284 6.4 13.1 242,980 3,014,831 114,277 8,814,054
3,239 815
13.1 (72.9)
(Millions of yen)
2020
311,410 10,471 36,184
485,476 2,413,565
3,102 0.8
235,794 21,690 33,391
3,210,925 8.2 12.6 237,555 2,985,255 101,510 9,113,911
2,981 812
15.0 (82.5)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)3
2020
2,883,426 96,954 335,037
4,495,148 22,347,824
28.72 0.8
2,183,278 200,833 309,176
29,730,787 8.2 12.6 2,199,583 27,641,250 939,907 84,388,065
2,981 812
15.0 (82.5)
  3. Japanese yen amounts have been translated into U.S. dollars at the rate of ¥108 = US$1, the approximate exchange rate on March 31, 2020, for the convenience of the reader.
40

 FINANCIAL INFORMATION Segment Highlights
JGAAP1/IFRS2,3
Lease Segment
Real Estate-related Business Segment Adjustment
Payment Segment
Finance Segment
Entertainment Business Segment Total business profit
Merchant fees
Annual fees, etc. Loans on deeds
Agency services
Total credit service business income
New cards issued (thousands)
Active membership (thousands of members)
Shopping
Balance
(billions of yen and billions of U.S. dollars)
Cashing
2016
13,542 15,469 (1,070)
8,268 15,802 981 36,593
68,893 7,854 1,777
13,927 202,952
2,620 14,770
4,258.2 555.2 216.5
2017
13,278 13,648 (1,086)
7,971 12,817 1,199 31,213
70,990 8,056 1,511
13,934 210,336
2,610 14,780
4,476.6 594.8 214.0
2018
12,885 15,472 (1,200)
12,719 16,213 1,082 40,771
73,597 8,289 1,329
15,045 218,952
2,440 14,980
4,683.0 631.3 217.1
(Millions of yen)
2019 2020
12,586 12,269 18,113 17,227 (2,357) (2,462)
16,915 6,297 19,209 18,004 2,078 1,969 52,233 36,184
75,003 77,849 8,368 8,487 1,071 844
15,896 12,491 226,250 230,160
2,110 1,800 14,900 14,960
4,788.5 4,946.9 640.5 645.7 218.0 218.8
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)4
2020
113,602 159,509 (22,796)
58,306 166,704 18,231 335,037
720,824 78,583 7,815
115,657 2,131,111
1,800 14,960
45.8 6.0 2.0
  Operating revenues/Net revenue
       Payment Segment
 204,268
 211,633
 220,320
 228,518
 232,441
 2,152,231
 Finance Segment
27,320
31,074
35,417
39,231
43,112
399,185
Entertainment Business Segment
10,388
10,396
9,288
8,761
8,822
81,685
 Total net revenue
  269,919
  278,944
  292,183
  304,855
  311,410
  2,883,426
  Operating income/Business profit
             Lease Segment
5,109
4,313
4,349
5,720
2,951
27,324
Real Estate-related Business Segment
6,427
4,904
6,401
8,305
6,957
64,417
Adjustment
 3
 5
 3
 3
 3
 28
   Breakdown of income from payment business segment
      Card shopping
 116,830
 124,654
 131,827
 136,464
 140,579
 1,301,657
Customer fees
40,082
45,607
49,940
53,091
54,242
502,241
Cash advances
36,652
35,473
34,745
33,084
32,932
304,926
Processing/transactions handled
on behalf of other companies’ cards
25,151
25,542
27,034
28,227
31,014
287,167
Payment-related income
 8,613
 9,219
 8,969
 11,507
 12,297
 113,861
   Main card indices (non-consolidated)
       New applications (thousands)
 3,300
 3,230
 2,900
 2,500
 2,100
 2,100
Total membership (thousands of members)
25,610
26,460
26,950
26,790
26,390
26,390
Transaction volume
(billions of yen and billions of U.S. dollars)
4,526.0
4,730.4
4,931.1
5,031.5
5,184.4
48.0
Cashing
267.7
253.8
248.1
242.9
237.5
2.2
Card shopping revolving credit balance
338.7
380.8
414.2
422.5
426.8
4.0
 41
1. Japanese standards were applied until FY2017.
2. International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) are applied from FY2018 onward. The Company began applying IFRS No. 9, “Financial Instruments,” on April 1, 2018.
3. Figures for net revenue and business profit represent the amounts before appropriation of inter-segment transactions.
4. Japanese yen amounts have been translated into U.S. dollars at the rate of ¥108 = US$1, the approximate exchange rate on March 31, 2020, for the convenience of the reader.

 SUSTAINABILITY
Credit Saison’s ESG Management
 Basic Approach to ESG Management
Based on our “leading-edge service company” management philosophy, we contribute through the everyday operation of our businesses to resolve problems and move society forward in ways only Credit Saison can by leveraging our unique know-how, management resources and the experiences of our employees. We will create a sustainable society that is even more convenient and prosperous than today’s.
  Value Co-Creation with Stakeholders
To remain as a company on which society depends, we feel it is important to understand what our stakeholders demand of us and to reflect these demands in our services and business activities. Moreover, from our perspective, our stakeholders are a critical factor in raising corporate value. We thus feel that always sincerely addressing their expectations and feedback is essential to our sustained growth.
Contributing to Realizing the SDG Objectives
Becoming a finance company advancing with customers for 50 years
SDG Initiatives
Contributing to the SDGs for 2030 is one of the major goals of Credit Saison. Meanwhile, simultaneously
creating “Social Value” and “Economic Value” is one of
the obligations placed on companies engaged in global business. To fulfill these goals and obligations, we are steadily advancing ESG management. As part of our efforts to promote ESG management, we are addressing social and environmental issues from the perspective of the “Five Ps” to realize “inclusiveness,” which is an aim of the SDGs.
      “Five Ps” to Address Social and Environmental Issues
Implementing ESG Management
Partnership Planet
Working together Prosperity Peace
People
Personnel
with partners Regional promotion Eco-friendliness
Social contribution
  Social Environment Governance Value Co-Creation with Stakeholders
      Administrative agencies
Shareholders
Customers
Demographic and
other social Social and
Business partners
Regional communities
Digitalization
Employees
Increasing social disparities
         Climate change
structural changes environmental issues
42

   SUSTAINABILITY PEOPLE
Human Resource Strategies
Continuing to develop human resource strategies through continued engagement with all our employees
Kazue Yasumori
Executive Officer, General Manager, Processing Business Division,
In charge of Screening Center, Tokyo Risk Management Center, Osaka Risk Management Center, Strategic Human Resources Dept.
What is the basic thinking regarding human resources?
were left to each department, ambiguity regarding use
of the system resulted in it being underutilized in some areas. In the second half of FY2019, we held discussions with about 80 department heads regarding their human resource policies, and many of the participants voiced concerns over how the specialist system was utilized. We learned that we needed to provide a way for employees, especially midcareer employees, to move into specialist positions. Women make up about 75% of our employees, and I believe women can do more than work in roles
that are subordinate to management positions. There are many women who have a wealth of experience and knowledge and are highly committed to the Company, and I believe making good use of the specialist system can allow these women to make their voices heard and contribute to real change at the Company.
 Q
 Our basic strategy is focused on promoting the development of people who can perform to the best of their abilities, regardless of their academic background, gender, age or nationality. When hiring new graduates, I often tell them that with enthusiasm and drive, they can pursue any position they want. While some might be generalists, and others might be specialists, the general idea is for them to think for themselves as to how they want to live their lives based on their work at Credit Saison, and how they can achieve individual growth that will contribute not only to organizational growth but also, more important, to the betterment of society.
To achieve this goal, what kinds of human Q resource development measures are you
One measure is the career design programs in effect for
the past five years focused on personnel in their 20s, 30s, 40s and 50s. We have been working to enhance each employee’s interest in the overall Company by providing opportunities for those employees to listen to experiences of senior employees while at the same time reaffirming their strengths and individual values. As each of the Company’s eight divisions are highly independent of the others, we provide opportunities for employees from different areas
of work to interact with each other while simultaneously incorporating the different ideas of midcareer hires and the perspectives gained by the almost 600 employees seconded to other companies. We want each employee
to consider his or her own career development, and we accordingly encourage each to broaden his or her horizons while continually working to improve.
What are some of the challenges you Q face when it comes to employee career
The 2017 revisions to the human resource system resulted in the creation of a new framework for specialist positions, but because the criteria for these positions
Is Credit Saison ahead of its competitors Q in human resource–related issues such as
  implementing?
equal pay for equal work?
   development?
The human resource officers and department heads have a strong understanding of and focus on the utilization of human resources, and I believe the design of our system is in many respects well ahead of those seen at the other sector companies. We launched equal pay for equal work this year, but in anticipation of the launch we abolished the employee classification system in 2017 and introduced a common human resource system for all employees, under which those working on an hourly basis are employed indefinitely and are considered the same as individuals contributing to the Company as regular employees. I believe this is an innovative human resource system that allows an individual to be promoted based solely on his
or her efforts and abilities. We also introduced remote work on a trial basis in 2016, and we were accordingly able to shift to that format without much disruption when the government issued its declaration of a state of emergency.
As part of our effort to convince employees to stay with us for as long as possible after being hired, we have created a system that offers plenty of work-style options, including hourly leave and reduced working hours. Our goal is to increase awareness of these options within the system and to encourage the various departments to utilize them increasingly.
 43

Q
Can you tell us about your engagement with employees, including those overseas?
sheet of paper of the service they are considering and why it is not currently available anywhere else in the world. We received about 300 submissions over a six-month period last year and have already received about 270 this year, which goes to show the vitality and enthusiasm of our employees. After a review, about 20 are selected to move on to the presentation stage, which is then followed by discussions with mentors who are already experienced in the given field. Several proposals are then selected
for presentation in front of management, where they are further reviewed for potential commercialization. Some
of these ideas have already been commercialized, which
I believe has contributed to other employees coming forward with their proposals.
We also began holding a companywide awards ceremony eight years ago. In the past, awards were often presented on a divisional basis, but we revised our system so that it not only recognizes achievements but also promotes the recognition of our fellow employees’ work and the sharing of our corporate vision. This year, we have received about 40 candidate entries for the Legend of Credit Saison award, which is presented to employees for efforts deemed worthy of recognition. I believe this is one way we are encouraging our employees to identify the potential needs of our customers for yet unseen services that will prove useful in the world at large, and then think and act accordingly.
Please tell us about the human resource Q initiatives you plan to focus on
One area for focus is fostering a culture where women can participate more in the workplace. In Japan, life events such as giving birth and raising a child can still place a heavy burden on women. I hope we can show women that they do not have to give up their careers but can pursue them by working in ways that are more suitable to their lives
and responsibilities. For example, I am the first executive officer with no experience in sales, but I believe bringing in someone like me with different experiences helps to bring about a change in the conventional wisdom that states things like “if you want to be an executive, you must have experience in sales.” I am hoping that we can offer the next generation of executives career paths that allow them to gain experience not from a single business unit, but from a variety of areas, including sales, operations and corporate management.
As I noted when speaking about promoting the participation of women in the workplace, we are also focused on promoting a diverse range of work styles for employees who have joined the company as generalists, including by assisting them in obtaining qualifications in specialized fields or moving into specialist areas based on the wealth of experience they have gained. While this idea still requires some work, including relative to performance evaluations and standards for shifting to specialist work, we will continue to work toward promoting diversity by fostering a culture that rewards hard work and creating systems that are easy to work within, while simultaneously developing a workforce that is capable of offering innovative ideas in line with a changing world.
 To start with, we have created a system where employees once a year can take stock of their careers, including what they have achieved so far and what they want to achieve in the future. In addition, we are developing a human resource management system that visualizes human resource–related records from a variety of perspectives. In addition to sharing the details of an individual’s career with the various department heads, we keep a record
of the one-on-one meetings between employees and supervisors that we recommend take place at least once each month. We hope to expand these efforts to create something of a journey map for each employee to then evaluate his or her progress.
Last year, I was able to meet with the heads of each department, while also listening to the employees at
10 sales offices from Hokkaido to Kyushu. Through this experience, I realized that we need to consider the good as well as the bad things I heard as we create a human resource system and human resource development policies that are in line with the needs of our employees. Regarding the direction of the Company, I believe it is up to each of the Company’s 5,000 employees to implement the ideas put forth by leadership. We accordingly believe it is important to maintain dialogue with employees as a means of maintaining engagement. While the spread of COVID-19 has made face-to-face meetings difficult, we will continue to conduct these meetings, either online or through other means.
About 20 employees from Japan have been assigned to overseas bases. I was able to visit Myanmar last year to see for myself the living and working environment. These employees are working with the same goals in a vastly different environment, one that,
for example, involves health concerns and the need for information that is not readily available due to being outside Japan for a long period. To give employees in Japan a sense of the experiences of those individuals, we share stories on their efforts and activities, as well as those of other employees, in our Company newsletter.
How are you working to further instill the Q Credit Saison corporate philosophy
Due to the highly independent nature of the business units, we believe it is extremely important to instill an understanding of our corporate philosophy and culture throughout the Company, including at overseas locations. We launched SWITCH SAISON, an in-house venture program last year. This system works to commercialize the ideas of employees regarding new and useful services that customers might find attractive. The concept can
be traced to our corporate philosophy, which focuses on Credit Saison not only being a company providing the world with services created by others but also a leading-edge service company that proactively offers new services. Under the system, employees are asked to provide an explanation in their own words on a single
moving forward.
   and culture?
 44

 SUSTAINABILITY PEOPLE Human Resources
  To Remain a Company Where Every Employee Creates Value
Credit Saison values the creation of the systems and the fostering of a corporate culture that enable its diverse human resources—which differ in terms of gender, education, nationality, background and other attributes—to make the most of each employee’s individuality and play active roles.
The Company had been pioneering a focus on, for example, promoting the active participation of women and equal pay for equal work even before many other Japanese companies started to address these areas. In this section, we would like to showcase and provide an outline of the Company’s efforts and stance regarding the human resources that serve as the source of improvement for our corporate value.
 Reforming work styles to realize
the streamlining of operations and enable employees to work more resourcefully
Realizing the “office leading to the future” concept Reforming awareness of work styles
Working on sustainable growth
as a “leading-edge service company”
     Certified as a Health and Productivity Management Organization for 2019 (White 500)
Having abolished company employee classifications, decided to adopt an employee role-based system (Equal pay for equal work)
 (Three years consecutively)
         45
Establishing a system
that allows employees to make learning a habit
and form their own careers
Career development sheet One-on-one meetings Open challenge Choice-based training
Human Resource Strategies
c
Fostering a corporate culture
in which every person can continue to take on challenge
CS Style
SWITCH SAISON CREDIT SAISON AWARD CS Style Chips
Creating an environment in which employees can autonomously aim for greater productivity,
such as via a flextime system
Saison Work-Life Design Unit
and working from home
   g
nr
i
d
a
r
g
p
s
m
n
o
U fi
i
v
n
E
e
c
f
e
n
t
O
e
h
a
I
t
m
C
p
o
r
r
p
o
o
v
r
t
a
n
t
n
g
e
e
a
m
l
u
e
e
g
a
n
a
M
C
h
o
t
f
l
o
m
a
r
m
e
A
l
H
o
l
n E
m
H
p
R
l
S o
C
y y
s
e
t
a
e
e
r
s
e
m
e
r
D
e
v
e
l
e
s
o
c
e
p
n
v
a i
i
l
m
t
a
a
V
e
B
t
i
n
i
e
f
n
i
I
t
L
-
d
k
r
n
o
W
m
e
t
s
y
K
S
e
y
C
h
a
r
a
c
t
e
r
i
s
t
i

  Common HR system for all employees
Previously, Credit Saison had been achieving growth
by creating an environment in which each individual could demonstrate his or her individuality and abilities, regardless of gender, education, nationality or background. For its sustainable growth, the Company would need to unleash the full capacity of all its people and required a venture spirit of always trying to grow. Therefore, in September 2017, we abolished the previous employee classifications, which included specialist workers and mate employees (part-timers), with the goal of “creating an environment and corporate culture that bolsters the potential of each and every employee.” With the exception of part-time employees, all employees
are now designated as full-time employees who are indefinitely employed and treated according to their functional roles of responsibility (with equal pay for equal work). In addition to paying bonuses to all employees, we have unified all systems, such as defined-contribution pension plans and welfare programs, into a personnel system common to all employees.
System before reforms (up to September 2017)
Currently (from September 16, 2017)
Systems and initiatives to achieve a work-life balance
For employees to continue working in a vigorous manner, it is essential to create environments in which they can balance their lives and work at the various stages in their lives, such as when providing childcare and nursing
care. We have a broad range of systems in place so that employees can realize the flexible work styles best fitted to their individual situations.
• An hourly leave system that allows employees to take
paid leave on an hourly basis
• A system for reduced working hours and days that enables leave to be taken not only for childcare and nursing care but also for self-development and other reasons
• A flextime system that allows employees to work efficiently without establishing a set number of working hours per day, only a set number of working hours
per month. All employees are thereby better able to harmonize their work lives with their private lives
• A system for working remotely that enables employees to work regardless of their location
• An outside employment system that supports the development and growth of employees’ own skills, as well as the formation of parallel careers
When employees return to work after having taken childcare leave, we conduct career interviews based on a stocktaking of their career to date and their medium- to long-term career plans. In addition to actively reassigning such employees to positions based on the wishes and aptitudes of the individuals concerned, we support both their work and lives through seminars on the themes of “work-life balance” and “career design” geared toward working mothers.
By offering a variety of systems that help
achieve a work-life balance and further promoting the understanding and instilling awareness of those systems and mechanisms, we will focus on the fostering of an organization in which every employee can choose the work style that best suits each stage of his or her life and achieve maximum results.
Support for self-reliance in career development
We support autonomous career development and mobility so that employees can comprehend the roles they are expected to fulfill and get accustomed to learning about themselves through reflection. In addition to the Career Development Sheet, by which employees independently think about their future careers once a year, we are aiming for further employee and organizational development. This we are achieving by having introduced career design programs by age group and, from 2019, as mechanisms to support individual career development, human resource development meetings, at which the development plans of every employee are systematically considered; one- on-one meetings to create an environment in which supervisors and subordinates can communicate with each other and take on challenges with peace of mind; and career development support that employees consider independently by themselves.
In addition, once a year, there is the “dream challenge” system that allows employees to directly report their desire to transfer to a different department to the Strategic Human Resources Department. There is also the “open challenge" system that allows employees to apply for positions, such as when a new business or new department is being set up, without having to go through their
  Professional employees
Indefinite-term employment
Monthly salary
  Bonus
  General work employees
Indefinite-term employment
  Monthly salary
 Defined contribution pension plan
Temporary employees
Bonus
     Fixed-term employment
Monthly salary
Mate employees (part-time employees)
Fixed-term employment
Hourly wage
   Full-time employees
Indefinite-term employment
■ Abolished employee classifications and moved all employees to indefinite-term contracts
■ Realized equal pay for equal work based on role
■ Bonuses provided to all employees twice a year
■ Unified all programs, including defined-contribution pension plans
 Monthly salary
 Bonus
 Defined-contribution pension plan
and welfare benefit programs
  46

 SUSTAINABILITY PEOPLE
Human Resources
superiors. Also, once a year, for employees ranked section chief and above, we prepare a “job competition” whereby they can state their desired position. All “job competition” applications are read by the president and utilized as a reference in organizational and personnel changes.
Credit Saison has also prepared choice-based training,
a program that allows employees to choose the learning they need for their own training and career development in line with their own goals.
Promotion of Diversity & Inclusion
With the goal of becoming a company that is adept
at change, we believe it is important to have an organization that is staffed with a variety of employees who are pursuing a variety of careers, and to focus on
the activities of each employee and how employees
can best contribute. To that end, we are working to
create an organization that can take on challenges and enables all its employees, regardless of their gender, age, educational history or personal background, to freely express their opinions and to face challenges.
In addition, female employees are active in all occupations and positions, but we are working to create
a system, centered on the Strategic Human Resources Department, to foster a corporate culture based on mutual understanding in which employees from different backgrounds can work in a comfortable atmosphere
and to the best of their abilities regardless of gender differences. Today, regardless of those gender differences and even while having in place a range of constraints, Credit Saison has cultivated a corporate culture that
is understanding and supportive of the situations of colleagues who aim to balance work with childcare. Regarding the hiring of people with disabilities, the Company conducts recruitment activities year round.
In 2018, we opened Saison Farm Toda to grow herbs and leafy vegetables using IBUKI, an indoor farm-type employment support service for people with disabilities.
In 2020, we formed the Ubiquitous Office Team to take charge of the business tasks of each department by cutting
1980 1990
out and consolidating the administrative tasks and light duties that are generated in business departments.
By striving to improve the work environment so that everyone can play an active role, such as by tailoring work and job roles to best suit those employees with disabilities; creating a follow-up system; and establishing flexible work-style options, Credit Saison is creating new employment opportunities and promoting their success. We are also working to create an environment conducive to the job stabilization of people with disabilities by,
for example, holding seminars for workplaces and introducing tools to support their employment.
History of promoting the careers of women
Since the 1980s, long before the concepts of “empowering women” and “diversity” became mainstream, Credit Saison has been actively hiring women employees to realize their greater participation in society. Active in a variety of roles, women have been playing their part in the Company’s growth.
To realize the participation of women in a broad range of roles and positions, we have continued to listen to the opinions of our employees and enhanced our personnel systems to mitigate the number of female employees who quit work or abandon their careers due to major life events, such as marriage or childbirth.
Health management
As a company complying with its obligations regarding mandatory safety considerations, Credit Saison provides occupational health and safety education to supervisors and managers as well as employees. At the same time, it is the Company’s health management policy for employees to take steps on their own to maintain and improve their health. Working together with industrial physicians and public health nurses, the health promotion team within the Strategic Human Resources Department plays a central role in promoting activities for maintaining and
2000 2010 2017
      ‘82 Initiated proactive hiring of women
for both new graduates and midcareer
‘89 Introduced work location courses (countrywide and regional types)
‘07 Expanded the reduced working hour system (up to April 15 of the year that the child reaches the fourth grade of elementary school)
‘07 Expanded the scope of counter-restricted positions to all sales
‘07 Introduced the spouse childbirth leave system
‘17 Introduced a common personnel system for all employees to be further active
          47
‘92 Introduced the childcare leave system
‘93 Introduced the nursing care leave system
‘97 Introduced the childcare and nursing care reduced working hour system
‘12 Extended the nursing care leave system and expanded the reduced working hours system (expanded reduced working hours options)
‘13 Expanded the reduced working hours system (resumption of reduced working hours after returning to regular working hours)
'16 Tested the introduction of a remote work system

improving employees’ health so that employees can
work enthusiastically and maximize their performance. Through health and safety promoters assigned to each branch office nationwide, Companywide activities and activities in response to the issues at each office are carried out. In addition to maintaining a regular health checkup participation rate of 100% for all employees,
we are promoting measures to improve the workplace environment, such as by the conducting of stress checks. The Company is recommending self-investment in health using cafeteria points and the taking of wellness leave every five years. Having been evaluated by external organizations, these activities have been recognized under the 2019 Certified Health & Productivity Management Outstanding Organizations (White 500) Program jointly selected by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) and Nippon Kenko Kaigi.
CS Style
For every employee to embody the uniqueness of Credit Saison, the Company formulated five employee conduct policies—embrace challenges, question conventional wisdom, work until the job is finished, elevate team power and elevate yourself—called “CS Style,” that are common to all employees. As action guidelines that lead to the realization of the Company’s “leading-edge service company” management philosophy, every employee is working to put CS Style into practice daily.
CS Style Outline
which produces ideas from across different age groups. At the same time as providing support through a mentor program to lead to commercialization and the budgeting of the business development costs, for those projects that have been adopted we have also realized flexible personnel changes for their creators.
Recognizing achievements: CREDIT SAISON AWARDS ceremony
Held since 2012, the CREDIT SAISON AWARDS serve as a forum that enables the entire Company to come together as one and form a strong organization. By sharing the corporate vision and by praising each other for day-to-day results in a way that crosses between departments, these AWARDS encourage a corporate culture in which both employees and the Company contribute to each other. A separate award ceremony had been held specifically for the marketing department prior to 2012, but following changes in the surrounding environment this was changed to the CREDIT SAISON AWARDS in 2012. This change served to create opportunities for changing awareness and behavior with the support of the entire Company, encouraging a corporate culture that is unique to Credit Saison and strengthening the organization.
Peer-to-peer bonus system (CS Style Chips)
Credit Saison is introducing a new version of its peer- to-peer bonus system that allows employees to send incentives to each other for the results and contributions of those jobs that are not easily recognized on a day-to-day basis. The giving of chips with words of gratitude and praise among employees for actions and initiatives aligned with CS Style is leading to the stimulation of communication that crosses between locations and departments, improvement of motivation and promotion of CS Style practices.
Outline of CS Style Chips
    Management Philosophy
 Leading-edge service company
 Value
 Practical implementation of the principles of customer satisfaction Mutual respect for our interests and those of our business partners Developing a corporate culture of creative innovation
The action guidelines (work style) required of employees to realize our management philosophy
CS Style
  Embrace challenges
 Question conventional wisdom
 Work until the job is finished
 Elevate team power
 Elevate yourself
        Great that you successfully used Zoom to hold an online seminar for customers!
I was under the impression that “you can’t succeed without visiting the customer,” but I was able to make contact with many people at once, so it was a win-win situation without any effort on the customer’s part! I’d like to follow your example!
#Embrace challenges
#Question conventional wisdom
 SWITCH SAISON in-house venture program
For the dual purpose of fostering a culture at Credit Saison in which employees can generate ideas and creating new services that respond to changes in social needs and markets, the Company holds its SWITCH SAISON in-house venture program twice a year to quickly make employees’ ideas part of the business. All employees are eligible to take part in this program,
48

 SUSTAINABILITY PEOPLE
SpecialFeature ExamplesofInstillingCSStyle
We asked two employees how Credit Saison’s CS Style action guidelines* are demonstrated in their daily work: Kaoru Ikuno, the manager in charge of business management in the Chubu/Kinki Management Dept., who initiated and proposed a new service for singles under the second phase of the SWITCH SAISON in-house venture program, and
Eri Fukumoto, shop master of the Kansai Branch Office at the Marine Pia Kobe Mitsui Outlet Park, who received a CREDIT SAISON AWARD 2019 under the in-house award system and whose operations, such as sales performance and business management, were comprehensively evaluated.
* To realize its management philosophy, the Company has summarized the action guidelines (work style) required of employees into five phrases: “embrace chal- lenges, question conventional wisdom, work until the job is finished, elevate team power and elevate yourself.”
      49
Kaoru Ikuno
Manager in charge of business management Chubu/Kinki Management Dept.
Q1 Is there anything you value in your daily work tasks regarding CS Style and its values?
Ikuno: When I was hospitalized and feeling anxious about the future, I did some research and found that there are many people in society who are feeling that same anxiety. As Credit Saison aims to be a “finance company advancing with customers for 50 years,” I gave some thought to a new service for singles and proposed my idea through the in-house venture program.
Fukumoto: As the person responsible for the card counter, I value “thinking and acting on our own initiative.” We believe that we can take on the challenges of providing better customer service by means of “operational improvements” and “elevating team power” for the very reason that we come face to face with customers daily.
Eri Fukumoto
Shop master of the Kansai Branch Office at the Marine Pia Kobe Mitsui Outlet Park
about how to give form to my idea. I think No. 1 is Credit Saison’s “strength as a person.”
Fukumoto: We had thorough discussions about the issues among the team members. In that process, I think that the members coming to mutually respect each other and having their own responsibilities as well as self-confidence led to me elevating myself and elevating the team’s power. As a result, last year we were able
to start new initiatives, such as reducing the workload and improving services to customers by utilizing OJT to quickly enable members to set to work immediately.
Q4 Please tell us how you think your own efforts have led to you to contribute to the Company.
Ikuno: The number of proposals for SWITCH SAISON is increasing each time. I would be delighted if, having seen what I did, more people—even those who are unfamiliar with making proposals—would propose their own ideas to the Company. In addition, I think I have created an opportunity for the Company to turn its attention to the “one person” issues that society is facing.
Fukumoto: The system has been strengthened by everyone on the team having gained confidence. As a team, we can make positive proposals and forward-looking actions while focusing on pursuing customer satisfaction.
Q2
What hurdles were there in solving the problems besetting customers and overcoming the challenges you faced in the course of your work?
Ikuno: Even if I thought it was a service that would be of benefit to the customer, I did not know how to formulate the idea, and thus there were several hurdles to overcome in the steps leading up to the proposal being put into practice.
Fukumoto: For me to work in a team to solve problems, the hurdle was not knowing what I should do to change the mindset of members who were not confident in themselves or who were afraid of failure and unable to take on challenges.
Q3 Please tell us how you overcame those hurdles.
Ikuno: Even if I did not understand, the cooperation of those around me and advice from other departments stimulated me and became the driving force in thinking
Q5
Ikuno: I will continue to work to provide our customers with “peace of mind” value.
Fukumoto: To “think and act on our own initiative” in
any environment. We aim to be an ever-evolving team that looks forward to new challenges, gains a sense of accomplishment and fulfillment, and generates a positive cycle that elevates team power!
Embrace challenges
Elevate team power
Please tell us about your view of the future.

 SUSTAINABILITY PEOPLE
SpecialFeature ExampleofaSWITCHSAISONidea becoming part of the Company’s business
“School Visit: SAISON TEACHER”
Education for the Next Generation and Financial Education
 Amid the expanding use of prepaid cards and electronic money and the rapid advance of the cashless society, there are concerns about the impact on our sense of
how to use money and our sense of morality, such as the increase in children in financial straits. Due to the lowering of the age of adulthood in April 2022, there is an urgent need for children to acquire financial literacy from an earlier stage.
Scenes from SAISON TEACHER lectures
Interview with an employee
Therefore, in anticipation of the lowering of the age of adulthood, Credit Saison is offering its “School Visit: SAISON TEACHER” financial education program for the children who will lead the next generation to acquire financial knowledge. Credit Saison employees will be the instructors of an original program through which children can interact and learn through role-play work about recent trends in cashless payments and the proper usage of credit services.
    Realized financial education activities as SWITCH SAISON’s first batch participant
Q1
“School Visit: SAISON TEACHER” is a project that was proposed and realized by the SWITCH SAISON in-house venture program. From my experience working at Saison Counters, I felt the necessity of financial education for young people. Having also thought that a new challenge could give shape to my thoughts and feelings and lead to my own further development, I submitted a proposal.
Q2 Is there anything that you feel or are aware of concerning CS Style in your daily life?
As Credit Saison has a culture that encourages rising up to challenges and
the support systems for doing so, I feel that an environment that facilitates
the taking on of challenges is in place. While being conscious of actively incorporating new initiatives without being satisfied with the status quo daily, I am able to take advantage of the spirit of undertaking challenges, of trying first without fear of failure.
Q3 What challenges would you like to take on in the future?
As Japan is planning to lower the age of adulthood by a revision of its Civil Code in April 2022, I want as many children as possible to acquire good financial knowledge. We will continue to make efforts so that children’s futures will be secure and prosperous by the acquisition of good financial knowledge.
Why did you think that you would try to make a proposal?
  Shiori Abe
CS Planning Department
Joined Credit Saison in 2012. After Saison Counters work at the Kansai and Tokai branch offices, became involved in employee training at the Tokyo Branch Office. Having held her current position since 2019, Ms. Abe promotes financial education activities.
 50

     SUSTAINABILITY PARTNERSHIP
Partnerships
Facing the Challenges in Creating New Financial Services by Open Innovation
Credit Saison is changing its existing business model by means of open innovation that combines our strengths and corporate assets with the technologies, ideas and services of other companies. At the same time, we are working to develop new financial services and business collaborations with each company.
      Open innovation
Having, for example, established the first corporate venture capital company in the domestic credit card industry in June 2015, Credit Saison is promoting an open innovation strategy while utilizing the retail finance know-how and customer base that the Company has cultivated up to now. Our open innovation strategy is being achieved through investments in and the financing of venture companies that possess advanced and innovative technologies in a wide range of fields, such as FinTech, IoT and AI.
Toward creating “the future of finance”
With the aim of creating “the future of finance,” Credit Saison entered into a capital and business alliance
with Daiwa Securities Group Inc. in September 2019.
In February 2020, Credit Saison executed a capital participation in Fintertech Co. Ltd., a subsidiary of Daiwa Securities Group. Utilizing cutting-edge technologies, such as investment crowdfunding and blockchain, Fintertech
is promoting the “creation of next-generation financial services” for the digital native generation. In collaboration with Daiwa Securities Group, Fintertech is working to develop and provide next-generation comprehensive
financial services capable of meeting diversifying market needs through the mutual utilization of customer networks and the promotion of open innovation.
To contribute to solving social issues through finance
In February 2020, Credit Saison provided business funds to Gojo & Company, Inc., a domestic start-up company engaged in the microfinance business in emerging countries. Through its seven group companies based
in four countries—Cambodia, Myanmar, Sri Lanka and India—Gojo is developing microfinance (microcredits) for the poor in emerging countries and contributing to the realization of financial inclusion, which is one of the top global issues. Positioning its global business as a pillar of its future earnings base, Credit Saison feels a high affinity with the mission that Gojo has adopted and is deepening its cooperation with a view to future collaboration.
With Saison Capital, which invests and lends overseas mainly in the early stages, Credit Saison has started an investment business targeting promising start-ups in the world, not only in Asia but also in Africa and South America. We are working to collaborate with businesses in countries where we have already entered the market and on the early implementation of innovative business models.
In Japan (Examples)
Overseas (Examples)
                In Japan
Overseas
Alliance with Credit Saison, introduction of investment/ tie-up candidate companies
Investment in domestic and overseas seed companies
      51
Corporate venture capital (CVC) subsidiaries
Limited partnership (LP) investments in venture funds

 SUSTAINABILITY PROSPERITY
Regional Development
    Contributing to regional economic development and problem solving in Japan and overseas through financial services while creating a convenient and plentiful society
While working on regional economic development and problem solving in ways only Credit Saison can, we will continue to take on the challenges of realizing a society that is even more convenient and prosperous than it is today.
  Toward the realization of a safe, secure and convenient cashless society
With the goal of realizing a cashless society, we are addressing the building of a variety of payment platforms that contribute to enhanced convenience for our customers. In addition to issuing plastic cards, including credit cards and prepaid cards, our efforts have been focused on next-generation payment systems, including smartphone-based payment systems and QR code systems in cooperation with affiliated apps.
In our management of personal information,
we remain in compliance, including with laws and regulations, guidelines and industry rules, and have in place internal corporate rules. Through internal training and compliance-related education, we are working to raise and instill awareness of information management, including the use of the “personal information manager” qualification established by the Japan Consumer Credit Association, a qualification that is essentially compulsory for employees who handle personal information at Credit Saison. In handling personal information, we are focusing on providing safe and secure payment environments while strengthening security. For example, in addition to protecting our customers’ personal information by having adopted TLS/SSL (transport layer security/secure socket
layer) cryptographic communications technology in the parts of the Web system that store important customer information, such as card applications and Net Answers, we are utilizing the latest technologies in our efforts to improve the accuracy of our fraud detection systems. We are also striving to prevent the occurrence of “multiple debtors” due to overuse on the part of customers through the careful granting of credit and appropriate follow-up after credit has been given.
Providing financial services in Asia
In the rapidly growing Asian region, Credit Saison is developing retail financial businesses tailored to each country and aiming to realize financial inclusion for their emerging middle classes. To contribute to the expansion of the finance business and the development of the regional economy, we are promoting the foundation of medium- to long-term overseas strategies and business development along two axes: business alliances with strategic partners in each country and investment in and the financing of promising companies.
• In Vietnam, in addition to launching a new credit card business, by developing the individual installment business for motorcycles and home appliances
• In Indonesia, by developing the digital lending business
• In Thailand, by providing BtoB financial services
• In India, by developing the digital lending business
   Credit cards
Prepaid cards
Mobile payments
Appropriate management of personal information
Strengthening of security measures
Improving the accuracy of fraud detection systems
    Underserved segment that is unable to receive sufficient financial services from banks, etc.
      Providing financial products and
financial solutions in collaboration with local companies
    QR code payments
Dealing with multiple debts
Achieving financial inclusion and contributing to the economic development of the countries in which Credit Saison operates
52
  
 SUSTAINABILITY PLANET & PEACE
Contributing to Society through the Management of the Akagi Nature Park
   Preserving a Lush Forest for the Children of the Future
Credit Saison began managing the Akagi Nature Park in 2010, since which time the Park has received more than 500,000 visitors. Based on the idea of “Preserving a Lush Forest for the Children of the Future,” which also serves as the management philosophy of the Akagi Nature Park, we are engaged in solving the challenges faced by society in working to achieve the SDGs.
  The Akagi Nature Park serves to strengthen our partnership with Gunma Prefecture and Shibukawa City, and contributes to regional revitalization. For example, the Park was adopted for a series of five posters as part of this year’s Gunma Destination Campaign. In cooperation with Shibukawa City, during April 2020 we began operating buses on weekdays when the Park
is open in addition to those previously operated only on Saturdays, Sundays and holidays. Using the facilities of the Akagi Nature Park, we will continue to engage in various activities, including initiatives that help support future generations, such as environmental conservation, educational and training programs, as well as activities that contribute to the region.
   53
TOPICS Business Partner Cases Conclusion of a cooperation agreement with Shibukawa City (April 2019)
Under this agreement, Credit Saison engages in various initiatives that include organizing environmental study programs for children and parents, using the Akagi Nature Park as a forest therapy site for the purpose of promoting health and revitalizing the regional economy by attracting tourists.
The Mayor of Shibukawa City provided the following statement about the Akagi Nature Park initiative.
Since concluding the cooperation agreement between Shibukawa City and the Akagi Nature Park on April 5, 2019, Shibukawa City and Credit Saison have deepened their cooperation for the purpose of developing the regional community. Among these efforts, Credit Saison has provided significant support for the City’s health promotion projects and has created opportunities for many of our citizens to visit the Akagi Nature Park, for example, by organizing nature observation tours and environmental study groups. Although the COVID-19 pandemic that we now face has clouded the future, our citizens can rely on the Akagi Nature Park as a place to experience nature throughout the four seasons of spring, summer, fall and winter while avoiding crowds. I also feel that the Park will increasingly serve as a place of healing in this time of a new normal. We will continue to communicate the appeal of the Akagi Nature Park to our citizens, and I would be pleased to further deepen our mutual cooperation while effectively utilizing the resources held by both the Park and the City. To realize our shared hopes of health, I hope to see the Akagi Nature Park continue creating new value.
November 20, 2020, Tsutomu Takagi, Shibukawa City Mayor
Tsutomu Takagi, Shibukawa City Mayor
Examples of initiatives with Shibukawa City
Health promotion
Use of the Akagi Nature Park as a venue for walking competitions and other events intended to promote health among citizens.
The Mizorogi Neighborhood Association “Health Walk” event held on Sunday, October 11, 2020, attracted 107 participants.
Environmental study groups for parents and children
As part of its efforts to transform into “a city that protects, nurtures and passes on abundant natural environments and diverse climates to the future,” Shibukawa City held a hands-on Asagimadara (chestnut tiger butterfly) marking event as a means of helping children gain interest in environmental issues through relatable forms of nature. A total of 10 groups of parents and children (29 people) from Shibukawa City participated.
Tourism revitalization
The partnership established “Shibukawa City Micro-tourism” as a means of revitalizing the tourism industry through the rediscovery and refinement of the City’s tourism resources.
The City scheduled 35 bus tours as part of 15 courses from October 2020 to March 2021. Of these, 14 tours over 11 courses will visit the Akagi Nature Park.
         
 SUSTAINABILITY PLANET & PEACE
Contributing to the Environment and Society through Business Activities
    Utilizing the Company’s Management Resources to Fulfill Corporate Social Responsibility
Credit Saison is working to reduce our environmental footprint through the “digitalization of business activities.” We also continue to engage in social contribution through “point donation activities” and “support for sporting and cultural activities.”
  Digitalizing business activities
Credit Saison is working to reduce paper consumption and CO2 emissions by promoting the use of online card statements and applications.
Reducing paper consumption will connect to lower CO2 emissions, while digitalization is expected to reduce CO2 emissions by 500 g per card statement envelope. Through the expansion of digitalization, we will continue to both improve customer convenience while promoting initiatives to manage environmental issues.
During the first half of FY2020, we introduced digital counters at some shops and promoted the transition to paperless procedures and labor-saving operations at Saison Counters. Although we previously offered in-person “immediate/instant card issuance and use” services at Saison Counters, we built a remote card application system for which there is a strong need amid the COVID-19 pandemic. This was accomplished by introducing the “Saison Cardless Payment” smartphone payment service, as well as by transitioning to self-service card sign-up using QR codes.
Contributing to society through point use
We contribute to local communities through research donations and the promotion of disaster recovery assistance through points exchanges and donations
by card. We are also developing investment simulation services, such as the points management service, as well as support in life design and financial education, including by providing investment opportunities.
Since 2016, for example, we have endorsed the
goal of Kanagawa Prefecture to “realize a society in which people and animals can live together in peace.” We have also helped prevent animal cruelty in Kanagawa Prefecture in part through donations of more than ¥17 million to
the Kanagawa Prefectural Animal Conservation Center Construction Fund. In January 2020, we entered a new Cooperative and Collaboration Agreement with Kanagawa Prefecture that includes initiatives to protect the lives of pets, support for future para-athletes, regional revitalization activities in Kanagawa Prefecture and solutions for society’s challenges. In addition, we will continue to engage in this
initiative as a means of cooperating in activities with high social value and those that support recovery efforts from natural disasters, including reconstruction of Shuri Castle and COVID-19 countermeasure activity support.
Support for sporting and cultural activities
With the desire to continue to grow alongside Japan’s national soccer team, we have been a supporting company to the team since 2001 and through a sponsorship agreement with the Asian Football Confederation (AFC) have supported the soccer community in Asia since
2014. We are also committed to supporting the dreams
of children by providing valuable opportunities that fall outside the realm of normal daily activities for those who will lead the next generation, including as part of our “High Touch Kids” program, which is held under our philosophy of having children visit sports stadiums to see Japan’s representatives strive toward victory in person.
Credit Saison has also been a sponsor of performances in Japan by José Carreras of Spain, one of the members of the world-renowned The Three Tenors, since 1999, and welcomed the 20th anniversary of our recital sponsorship in 2019. We support José Carreras’ activities in a variety of ways, including through the donation of funds obtained from commemorative goods prepared for his annual recitals to the International José Carreras Leukaemia Foundation, which was founded after his successful battle with leukemia.
Through these efforts and donations in support of sporting and cultural activities, we will continue to engage in corporate social responsibility initiatives geared toward disaster recovery and research.
        54
  
 SUSTAINABILITY
Responses to Risks/Opportunities
The Credit Saison Group’s businesses carry with them several risks, including risks related to the external environment
as well as financial and business aspects. In this context, in addition to continuing to strengthen our response to the
risks common to the industry that we have been dealing with so far, there remains the necessity to evaluate any risks
that have emerged due to changes in the external environment from a medium- to long-term perspective and to take countermeasures. Some of the risks that could significantly influence investor decisions are listed below. The forward- looking statements contained herein are based on the Credit Saison Group’s judgment as of the date of submission of its Securities Report (June 18, 2020).
Risks common to the industry
   Risk
Details
Responses
     Economic Conditions
Decrease in transaction volumes of credit cards, loans, credit guarantees and real estate mortgage loans provided by the Group, and decline in the loan collection rate due to deterioration of the domestic and overseas economic environment (employment environment, household disposable income, personal consumption, etc., due to recession)
    Fund Procurement
Among fund procurement methods, such as borrowing from financial institutions and the issuing of corporate bonds and commercial paper (CP), liquidity risk due to the considerable amount of funding with a procurement period of less than one year
    Market Risk
• Risk of falling prices of investment assets, such as stocks of listed and unlisted companies, venture investment funds, bonds, real estate and real estate funds
• Rise in funding interest rates when interest rates rise
    Impairment of Financial Instruments (Allowance for Doubtful Accounts)
Risk of non-repayment of receivables by large numbers of customers due to changes in the domestic and overseas economic environment (employment environment, household disposable income, personal consumption, etc., due to recession)
    Various Regulatory and Legal System Changes
• Risk of increase in the amount of reimbursement claims from customers with regard to the portion of interest that was higher than the interest rate ceiling set by the Interest Rate Restriction Act, interest that within the Group in Japan was repaid before the revision of the Act
• Risk of having to cease certain services due to regulatory changes, etc.
    Calculation by risk capital management (RCM) of the risk capital required by business to maintain ratings and maximization of returns within the scope of the risk capital surplus
In fund procurement, maintaining a certain percentage of long-term and fixed financing; the setting of liquidity enhancement limits, such as commitment lines; reduction of liquidity risk by promoting diversification by executing direct procurement, such as corporate bonds and liquidation of receivables
Appropriate management of market risk by introduction and utilization of RCM and asset and liability management (ALM)
Ongoing soundness of claims and appropriate allowance for doubtful accounts by strengthening credit management systems, such as establishment and operation of credit management systems relating to credit limits, credit information management and internal ratings, as well as monitoring of credit status
• The amount of allowance required at the present time is recorded in consideration of the reimbursement record and trends in interest reimbursement claims
• While complying with laws and regulations, prompt responses to service developments in accordance with new regulations
     55

Risks and opportunities that need to be addressed over the medium to long term
• Expansion of customer base by expanding various payment methods, not only credit card payments but also contactless and QR/bar code payments
• Setting Credit Saison apart from its competitors as a “general non-bank” that provides services that give close consideration to customers’ life cycles
Page 51 Partnerships
• Strengthening of relationships with existing partners
• Building of a business model that does not depend on a specific partner by promoting new alliances with partners in various companies and industries
Dispersion of country risk by expanding into multiple countries/regions, risk mitigation through regular risk analyses and monitoring of countries in which the Company maintains a presence
Page 29 Global Business
• Formulation of a BCP plan and regular confirmation of its effectiveness, implementation of BCP education and training
• Improvement of the credit card usage environment by decentralization of authorization systems to the Kanto and Kansai regions
• Thorough measures to prevent COVID-19 infections, expansion of payment methods to reduce infection risk, such as contactless payment and QR/bar code payments
• Development of contingency plans, such as ensuring the backup of important systems
• Development of measures to counter cyberattacks, such as the strengthening of firewalls, raising employee information security awareness and minimizing damage after infection by a computer virus
• Appropriate protection measures and system development of personal information, as stipulated under the Personal Information Protection Law, acquisition of Privacy Mark
• Creation of an administrative work manual, regular inspection of administrative work status, prevention of employee errors and fraud, development and operation of a whistleblowing system for early detection of any illegal activity
• Promote automation of administrative work by the systematization and introduction of robotic process automation (RPA)
Page 19 Payment Business
Provision of equal opportunities by developing work systems and common employment patterns that meet employees’ needs, the securing of excellent human resources by adopting personnel systems that can utilize the abilities and characteristics of employees, such as the executive officer and specialist/expert systems
   Risk
Competitive Environment
Details
Intensifying competition due to new entrants into the payment industry from other industries brought about by deregulation and technological advances
Responses
       Risks
     Opportunities
Development of new business fields and new products/ services through collaborations with other industries
      Relationships with Major Partners
Risks
Deterioration of business performance of business alliances that form important strategies and business partners with whom we have a capital relationship, changes of business alliance conditions and cancellation of alliances with partners
     Opportunities
Business development utilizing the acquisition of memberships through alliances with partner companies and organizations, expansion and diversification of services, product sales channels and customer bases of both parties
      Overseas Business Development
Risks
Market trends in the countries in which the Company develops its business, the presence of competitors, politics, economy, law, culture, religion, customs, foreign exchange rates and various other country risks
     Opportunities
Development of existing and new services in countries/ regions where there are many people who do not possess a bank account and are unable to receive financial services
      Occurrences of Large-Scale Disasters and Pandemics
Risks
Collateral damage to owned assets and physical injury to employees due to the occurrence of large-scale natural disasters such as earthquakes
     Opportunities
Initiated business structure transformation based on changes in customer psychology and behavior caused by the COVID-19 pandemic
      System Risk and Cyberattack Risk
Risks
• System malfunction due to malfunction of in-house developed core systems, communication line failure, etc.
• Decreased trust due to leakage or unauthorized use of, for example, personal information (membership information) and confidential information due to cyberattack, etc.
     Opportunities
• External sales of core systems in which the Company has been accumulating know-how for many years
• In collaboration with external partners, external sales of secure payment systems in which use is made of fraud prevention technology
      Actualization of Administrative Risks
Risks
Risk of negligence and inappropriate handling of administrative tasks due to a large amount of manual paperwork
     Opportunities
Expanding demand for administrative process agencies at affiliated cards and partners
      Development and Securing of Human Resources
Risks
Risk of being unable to secure diverse, talented human resources to provide high-level services to customers and develop advanced products and services
     Opportunities
New service/product development by securing talent with expertise in digital technology
           Page 19 Payment Business
 Page 37 Special Feature Value Co-Creation through Business/Payment Business
    Page 43 Human Resource Strategies
  56

 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Special Feature Incorporation of External Opinions and Knowledge to Improve Governance
  Hitoshi Yokokura
Outside Director (Independent) Partner, Waseda Legal Commons, LPC Auditor, Minori Audit Corporation
Nana Otsuki
Outside Director (Independent)
Executive Officer, Monex, Inc.
Professor, Nagoya University of Commerce and Business Graduate School Visiting Professor, Faculty of International Politics and Economics, Nishogakusha University
Audit and Supervisory Board Member, Tokio Marine Holdings, Inc.
57
Outside Director Roundtable Discussion
general, when expanding overseas, the functions such as risk management, compliance and audit that underpin overseas business conditions and business performance tend to be more vulnerable than those at a head office. Given cases that have been intentionally hidden, if things are left as they are, one day a case of fraud about which management itself knew nothing could suddenly come to light from an entirely unexpected quarter.
Regarding my evaluation of the Company’s Board of Directors, I have the impression that the materials for Board of Directors’ meetings are well prepared. On the other hand, an area that could be improved is to share both the pros and cons from the discussions of a matter that occur prior to a Board of Directors’ meeting. Outside directors are not involved in individual business lines, and there are areas in which we do not specialize, so adding such information would make it easier for us to make better informed judgments.
Otsuki : I agree with that. The Company has introduced an executive officer system and clarified the division of roles between execution and supervision even in organizational terms. In this regard, we are moving in a direction that makes governance more effective. There is an expectation of that, but if information is shared with us in a way that makes it easier for the executive side to communicate the process of discussion, it will be easier for us to fulfill our role as a Board of Directors. I feel another issue is diversity. I dare to point out that I view one of my own roles is as a woman. However, for the very reason that we have created
 First, please tell us about the current status Q of Credit Saison’s governance and your
evaluation of its Board of Directors.
 Togashi: From my experience, having been involved
in corporate management as an outside director at companies other than Credit Saison, what I think is important for governance is how the subjects to be deliberated at Board of Directors’ meetings and the information necessary for discussion are disseminated
to us in a transparent and timely manner. Including its global reach, the Company has many affiliated companies and subsidiaries, and one of the major themes on
this point is how to utilize Group governance across domestic and overseas Group companies. Whether the information concerning, for example, unlisted affiliated companies and subsidiaries—information that cannot be seen by outside eyes—is steadily provided to enable us to correctly ascertain the actual management situation. Regarding operational departments, whether the control is really being exercised so that scandals such as fraud do not occur. When looking at cases that have occurred at other companies, there has been intentional fraud committed and hidden at head offices, so this is an important point regardless of the type of business. In
  
 Naoki Togashi
Outside Director (Independent)
Representative Director, Japan Representative Partner, Oliver Wyman Group
Director, NAGAHORI CORPORATION
Trustee, Japan Association of Corporate Executives
 that you will not be able to sleep the day before a Board of Directors’ meeting. I believe that a board of directors, which is a supervisory body, must make people feel nervous or something bordering on that. In other words, in terms of the prevention and discovery perspectives,
it is not as a means of discovery that we come up for a Board of Directors’ meeting. I think it is easier to ensure management that is in accordance with compliance when there is a board of directors that has had a deterrent effect and when there is a meeting body that
is properly activated and functioning to address issues responsibly. To stimulate discussion, I think it is important for a board of directors to know in a timely manner that proper information has been provided and what kind of massaging methods have been used in the meantime.
Among the Credit Saison Board of Directors’ meetings that you have attended, have there been any discussions that left a lasting impression?
Togashi: In the past, we have requested that some matters be resubmitted with additional materials, although they did not have a large monetary impact, because we felt they were important from the perspective of the Group’s management. Even though the matters were sent back for further review, I felt that discussion was facilitated because the action of sending them back had been accepted in a flexible manner.
Otsuki : Certainly, I think the Company’s Board of Directors has lively debate and an ear for dissenting opinions. What has left a lasting impression on me is
that discussions on management policies, such as the Medium-term Management Plan, were substantive.
In group management, I think it is important to have comprehensive discussions in an itemized form, including the Group companies. Even though we have many Group companies, I think that the overall targets from the top down were noted for each business division and Group company in a consistent form, and we had fulfilling discussions in an organized manner.
Yokokura: Based on my thus far limited attendance,
I noted at my first meeting that an agenda item was decided by a majority after discussion at the Board of Directors’ meeting and that made a strong impression on me. It showed me that the Board of Directors’ function had not been reduced to a mere formality. As this is my first year as an outside director, I have been given the opportunity for a briefing from the person in charge before a Board of Directors’ meeting. Intuitively, as I feel like I am facing a bout of indigestion, I think that if the Company could provide the materials earlier, I would be able to better participate in the discussions.
 Q
  a system that focuses not only on gender but also on nationality and age, as well as on the diversity of individual knowledge and culture because we are developing a variety of businesses, would it not be better to further expand diversity? There are people with diverse cultures, and combining different things with each other is the source of innovation, so I would expect more on that point in the years ahead.
Yokokura: I have participated from this year, and I am impressed that the materials for the Board of Directors’ meetings are easy to understand; moreover, the advantages of making decisions and the advantages and disadvantages of not making decisions are clearly stated as risks. In an era when the world is changing at such
a tremendous pace, when doing nothing could have a significant impact on corporate management itself, it
is good that the agenda items submitted are deemed likely to bring about change. On the other hand, as
you both have said, if you could explain the process of discussion on the executive side up until the time the agenda is submitted, including the content of reports, in a situation in which the supervisory and executive sides are separated, I think it would facilitate the benefits of supervision.
I also had experience serving on a third-party committee when problems, such as those related to work and fraud, occurred. At those times, when I looked at the statements from the people concerned, I was concerned and nervous about that. It is written in a lot of materials
58

 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Special Feature
Incorporation of External Opinions and Knowledge to Improve Governance
   Q
In your capacity as outside directors, how do you anticipate contributing to management?
Otsuki : The mission of the outside director is to check whether the executive side is performing its duties
in a proper manner. The perspectives necessary for conducting checks are largely based on the knowledge and experience of the individual and, as a result, some input might be given as advice to the executive side although the assigned task is to supervise the execution.
As I have been watching the markets for a long time, I believe that increasing corporate value should be the goal of management and employees alike. It is my intention to work to verify the kind of direction that is good for that.
Yokokura: That is a question that I am always asking myself. One solution is if you speak of execution and supervision seen from the perspective of the accelerator and brake pedals. In that case, I think that the role of stepping on the final emergency brake is the part that is absolutely expected of outside directors. It is important that discussions at Board of Directors’ meetings become more open with the addition of outside directors, but perhaps the ultimate goal is management that does not require stepping on the emergency brake; in other words, it might be management of the kind that renders outside directors inconspicuous. Another factor is that I am part- time, so I am unable to gain a thorough knowledge of
the finer points of a company, but what I do have is a third-party position that is not mired in internal bias. As an outside director with a professional background, I think that such perspectives are expected, such as the way of thinking as a lawyer if you are a lawyer and the perspective as an accountant if you are an accountant.
There is a lot of debate about governance, but no matter how good the system is or how many outside directors are added, scandals can occur. Rather than creating a mechanism, the point is how we optimize use of our limited time and fully demonstrate our knowledge to make what we create function and operate properly. For that reason, when the background for an agenda item becomes clear, it is easy to ask questions and there is an open discussion. As a result, I think we will enter a virtuous cycle that will lead to the deterrence of fraud.
 59
Togashi: The mission of directors, especially outside directors, is the supervision of management. Many Japanese managers expect outside directors to give outside opinions, but I think the background factor for that being seen as a good thing is for the very reason
that their position is one of not being directly involved in the business itself. Even if you do not have experience in the same business, there are always situations where the wisdom and experience you have acquired in your career will be useful or helpful. However, amid the growing necessity for specialist discussions on business, there is a limit to how much outside directors can comment backed by a deep understanding of the business. That is why I think that the mission of outside directors is limited to the supervision of management.
There are many foreign-affiliated companies that have in place a market intelligence organization in a department closely aligned to management. For example, in Japan the problem of central bank digital currencies
is rapidly becoming an issue. There are units that analyze and consider the impact on a business of factors not directly related to its frontline interests, including with regard to suppressing market trends and the influence that trends can have on their own companies, over what kind of timeline and impact such trends can have on a company and, were such impact to happen, what would become of card and deposit accounts. Governance
and business strategy are two sides of the same coin,
and outside directors provide objective third-party opinions on governance. In many cases, however, third- party analysis and views related to business strategy are provided by in-house market intelligence units or external consultants. Therefore, instead of directly asking outside directors for third-party opinions on business strategy, they will raise the topic of business strategy at a Board
of Directors’ meeting after having expressed third-party opinions within the Company through the in-house market intelligence unit. Then, if management decides
to pursue risks, it will be easier for outside directors to determine that “This matter involves risks, understood.”
I think that taking such a posture is also effective for conducting deliberations at Board of Directors’ meetings in an effective manner.
What are your thoughts about the key
Q points needed for governance to function
 successfully, such as in deterring fraud?
 Otsuki: It is said that there is a “fraud triangle”-motivation, incentive and rationalization-that acts as a contributory factor in cases of fraud. I think it is important to manage
in such a way that there cannot be any loopholes here. It is also important to eliminate any framework, including psychological or organizational, that would increase
the likelihood of opportunities for fraud, and here the underlying culture is important. In general, I have

the impression that fraud is most likely to occur when someone feels detached or disillusioned, so I feel that dialogue conducted by management team members themselves is also effective. Holding awards ceremonies on a nationwide scale every year, the Company conveys a strong message, and I feel that is effective not only in terms of employees fulfilling their potential but also in minimizing risks such as fraud. Every year, I am impressed by the teams that have worked hard as one to achieve their goals tearfully receiving their awards while being spoken to directly by management.
Togashi: Following the bursting of the bubble
economy in Japan, bank fraud was a subject of much speculation, and one of the reasons was the reduction
of bank employees’ salaries. As the reward for work
is remuneration, in this transitional period when the modern employment system is undergoing change, we can offer remuneration that is a little higher than that
of the competition on the premise of people having worked hard. It is also possible to clarify that if someone commits an illegal act, he or she is certain to be punished and will not be guaranteed lifetime employment. I think such measures would be effective. I personally think that the salaries of Japanese companies are too low, and often the trigger for an employee to commit financial fraud is a decrease in remuneration or a difference from the remuneration expected when assuming lifetime employment. I think it can be either of these.
In the same way that dinosaurs became extinct and mammals survived, I think that it is not the strong but rather those who are able to respond to change that will survive. Therefore, I would want Credit Saison to remain the kind of company that, while maintaining its core, responds properly to change and itself continues to change in a nimble and flexible manner. I would also hope to be of assistance in making that happen.
Otsuki: Sir Isaac Newton is said to have created major laws, such as the Law of Universal Gravitation, during a period of “remote work” when Cambridge University was closed due to an outbreak of bubonic plague. When he saw an apple fall in an orchard in his home village, it seems that he had a flexible idea that he would not have had at the university. A pandemic itself is unfortunate, but the COVID-19 outbreak might make it easier to bring about innovation because people have more time and spend more time away from the office. Taking advantage of the current situation, by which you can see things, not just your everyday tasks, from a variety of angles, I expect and certainly want to see how Credit Saison will flexibly turn its eye toward new and unexpected directions.
Togashi: Including Google, Amazon, Facebook and Apple (GAFA), what all companies that have survived
to become game changers have in common is that
they continue to focus on and specialize in their core businesses. Credit Saison now has a network built around settlement as its core, and in that sense is a little overstretched, but I think that the core business on which the Company should be relying remains settlement. I would like us to retain a philosophy that will be mastered without letting go of that core business. When you think through what a business that earns money by means
of settlements actually is, it is the deferral of payments. The innovation brought about by credit cards in the United States in the early 1950s was the introduction of paper-based letters of credit, which until then had been conducted between legal entities, into the personal finance world. Even if the nature of the card changes to smartphones or plastic-less payments, the core of the credit card business remains the deferral of payments. How to make this settlement deferral function profitable is finance. While thinking through what the “Neo” of “Neo Finance Company” means and valuing a philosophy that is not the same or similar to that of other companies, I would like you to thoroughly study and master finance.
 We are experiencing major environmental
 changes due to the COVID-19 pandemic, Q but for your final words, please provide
your hopes for and expectations of Credit Saison in the years to come.
 Yokokura: In what has long been said to be an era of uncertainty, what has impressed me strongly about the COVID-19 pandemic are two factors: that the pandemic broke out not locally but all over the world at the
same time and that society changes completely when faced with a forced opportunity. To conduct corporate management without even being able to project
next year’s trends, I think it is important to make quick decisions and constantly make course corrections that best suit the business environment.
 60

 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Corporate Governance
Our basic view on corporate governance
To realize our basic management policy of obtaining the understanding and consent of our shareholders by continuously improving corporate value over time and creating innovative services, the Credit Saison Group is implementing a variety of initiatives to improve and strengthen our corporate governance in recognition of the enormous importance of bolstering management supervisory functions to attain business objectives and enhance management transparency.
For details, please see our Corporate Governance Report https://corporate.saisoncard.co.jp/en/esg/governance/pdf/ corporate_governance_report_202011.pdf
Corporate Governance Structure
Election Election Monitoring/ Inspection
Changes in the Governance Structure
Matters concerning composition of governing bodies and organization management
Company with Audit & Supervisory Board Members
25
1 year President 9 (3) Appointed 3
5 4 (3) 3
  Governance System
 Number of directors stipulated by the Articles
 Term of office for directors stipulated by the Articles
 Chairman of the Board of Directors
 Number of directors (of which are outside Directors)
 Outside directors on the Board
 Of outside directors, the number who are “independent directors”
 Number of Audit & Supervisory Board members stipulated by the Articles
 Number of Audit & Supervisory Board members (of which are outside Audit & Supervisory Board members)
 Number of outside Audit & Supervisory Board members who are “independent directors”
                  Independent Auditor
Outside Directors
Effectiveness evaluations for the Board of Directors
Internal Audit Office
Audit & Supervisory Board
General Meeting of Shareholders
Election
        Cooperation Guidance Audit
Monitoring
      2006 Enforcement of the Companies Act
2014 Formulation of the Stewardship Code
2006 2015 2016
2021
In addition, the ASB is strengthening its management oversight function by coordinating with the directors in charge of the Internal Audit Office and the unit responsible for supervision of internal controls. The Company also introduced an executive officer system
in March 2020 and aims to further enhance corporate governance by creating an environment in which the Board of Directors can concentrate on management
and supervisory functions to respond more quickly to changes in the business environment. At the same time, we will be expanding opportunities for the recruitment of management personnel to foster the development of the next generation of leaders.
2015 Application of the Corporate Governance Code
2017 2018
2019 2020
          Nomination & Remuneration Committee
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board
     Improvement and disclosure of Board of Directors functions
Election/Delegation/Supervision
Appointment/Consultation Report/Advice
Delegation of Management Authority
Departments
Corporate Planning Dept., Corporate Risk Management Dept., etc.
Board of Directors
     Representative Directors
Important Committees
(Risk Management Committee, Compliance Committee, etc.)
Nomination & Remuneration Committee
 Separation of management and execution
Introduction of an executive officer system (reduced number of directors from June 2020)
Assurance of transparency for appointment/ dismissal of directors and for officer remuneration, etc.
   61
Management/executive system
Credit Saison (the Company) has adopted the Audit & Supervisory Board (ASB) model, with ASB members,
for its corporate governance system. To ensure we
retain the confidence of our shareholders and other investors, we strive to improve and strengthen corporate governance by nominating outside directors and
outside ASB members. The Board of Directors and Nomination & Remuneration Committee receive advice and recommendations from outside directors to ensure the appropriateness of business decision-making. This enables directors, who are well versed in business matters, to maintain and improve management efficiency.
Timely disclosure and provision of materials Guarantee of effectiveness

 Nomination & Remuneration Committee
As an advisory body to the Board of Directors, the Nomination & Remuneration Committee has five members, the majority of whom are outside directors. The Committee is chaired by the Company’s Representative Chairman and CEO, and its members are appointed by resolution of the Board of Directors. The Committee consults with the Board of Directors about matters related to the appointment and dismissal of directors and the formulation of remuneration policies for directors, deliberates them and submits reports about such matters to the Board of Directors.
The effectiveness of the Board of Directors
Composition of the Directors
Outside 33.3%
Internal 66.7%
Independence (ratio of Outside Directors)
Female 11.1%
Male 88.9%
        Diversity (ratio of women)
   Implementation Summary
 Assessment Items
  Summary of Assessment Results
  With the goal of improving the effectiveness of the Board of Directors, the Company implements a self-evaluation-based annual assessment and analysis for all directors and corporate auditors (including retirees before the expiration of their term of office) elected in the previous year. A questionnaire is given to each director and auditor covering the following items, with the Board of Directors conducting discussions based on feedback from the results
(1) Composition of the Board of Directors (2) Management of the Board of Directors (3) Roles and Responsibilities of the Board of Directors
• We have confirmed that the Board of Directors is operating at a generally proper level and that the effectiveness of the Board of Directors as a whole has been secured.
• Based on the evaluation of the Board of Directors conducted in FY2018, the Nomination & Remuneration Committee was established in June 2019 to ensure the objectivity and transparency of the functions of the Board of Directors regarding the nomination of Directors, etc., and the determination of remuneration, etc. In FY2019, the Nomination & Remuneration Committee met four times to establish criteria
for the appointment process for Directors and remuneration received by Directors. Based on these criteria, the Board of Directors will decide on appointment of Directors and remuneration to be received by Directors after deliberation by the Nomination & Remuneration Committee, which will ensure the objectivity and transparency of the Board of Directors.
• As a result of examining the composition of the Board of Directors to facilitate more in-depth discussions with an appropriate number
of members, the Company introduced an executive officer system in March 2020 to separate business execution and management oversight, further strengthen our corporate governance system and build a system that responds more quickly to changes in the business management environment.
• In recognition of the need to further invigorate discussions related to improving corporate value at the Board of Directors meetings, the Company will strive to improve management to further increase effectiveness.
    Status of compliance with the Corporate Governance Code
The Credit Saison Group follows all the principles stipulated in the Tokyo Stock Exchange’s Corporate Governance Code with the exception of the following:
procedures or evaluation criteria for appointing its CEO. The Credit Saison Group intends to review procedures for properly appointing qualified CEOs, including through discussions by the Nomination & Remuneration Committee over succession plan guidelines in line with the Company’s medium- to long-term strategies.
Supplementary Principle 4.3 (3)
Roles and Responsibilities of the Board (3)
The Company at this time has not established special procedures or evaluation criteria for the dismissal of the CEO. However, if a CEO, etc., causes significant damage to the Group, or violates laws, regulations or the Articles of Incorporation in a manner that merits dismissal,
the Board of Directors with the participation of outside directors will deliberate the matter thoroughly before moving to dismiss.
Supplementary Principles 4.1 (3)
Roles and Responsibilities of the Board (1)
The business environment in which the Company operates has been significantly affected by advancements in digital technologies, including FinTech, and given the expansion in businesses requiring fresh perspectives, including the establishment of overseas operations, it might not always be appropriate to establish set standards based on one-time discussions for the knowledge, experience and ability required for the Chief Executive Officer (CEO). The Company at present has not formulated specific succession plans for the CEO or conducted oversight regarding such at the Board of Directors. The Credit Saison Group intends
to review how the Board of Directors can effectively oversee succession plans, including through discussions by the Nomination & Remuneration Committee over succession plan guidelines in line with the Company’s medium- to long-term strategies.
Supplementary Principle 4.3 (2)
Roles and Responsibilities of the Board (3)
The business environment in which the Company operates has been significantly affected by advancements in digital technologies, including FinTech, and given the expansion in businesses requiring fresh perspectives, including the establishment of overseas operations, it might not always be appropriate to establish set standards based on one-time discussions for the knowledge, experience, and ability required by the Chief Executive Officer (CEO). The Company at present has not established special
Principle 4.11 Preconditions for Board and
Audit & Supervisory Board Effectiveness
In a rapidly changing business environment, the Credit Saison Group believes it is important to improve the value-creation function of the Company by ensuring that the Board of Directors is well balanced
in terms of experience, knowledge and special abilities, and not
just in terms of gender or nationality. We have appointed directors with a sufficient level of diversity that are able to effectively respond to business format changes while leveraging our strengths in line with our medium- to long-term strategies. At present, the structure of the Board of Directors does not sufficiently take gender and nationality into account. With the Company’s medium- to long-term strategies in mind, we strive to appoint a diverse range of directors, including consideration of gender and nationality. The Company’s independent outside directors are appointed based on the need
for human resources with the knowledge necessary to effectively contribute to sustainable growth and the enhancement of corporate value over the medium to long term, including in financial matters such as capital efficiency. Our Audit & Supervisory Board members are appointed based on their experience, abilities and knowledge in finance, accounting and legal affairs.
62

 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Corporate Governance
Remuneration for directors and audit & supervisory board members
About Director Remuneration
Credit Saison has established the Director Remuneration Rules in the Board of Directors as the policy for determining the amount for director remuneration, etc., and the calculation method thereof. The director remuneration system for FY2019 is composed of “basic remuneration,” which is determined separately for each director based
on a remuneration standard corresponding to his or her position and management responsibility level and includes remuneration used to purchase the Company’s shares
as a long-term incentive, and of “variable remuneration (bonuses),” which is calculated based on the results of the mutual evaluation made by all directors regarding the Company’s performance for the individual fiscal year and the degree of contribution (including future growth strategies) each director has made to the Company’s performance (outside directors only receive fixed remuneration).
To increase corporate value, variable remuneration (bonuses) uses the growth rate for non-consolidated ordinary income (excluding transient factors, etc.) as one
of the quantitative performance indicators. In addition, the results of the evaluation made by all directors, including the recipient directors, regarding the degree of contribution each director has made to the Company’s performance is used as a qualitative performance indicator.
Variable remuneration (bonuses) is calculated
by multiplying the performance-linked factor for
the quantitative indicator compared to the standard amount for each position (the year-on-year quantitative performance indicator) and the performance-linked factor for the qualitative evaluation (generally 80%–120%). The performance-linked factor for FY2019 was 92%.
The composition ratio for remuneration is generally 80% for basic remuneration (including remuneration used to purchase the Company’s shares as a long-
term incentive) and 20% for bonuses, where the ratio
of bonuses varies in accordance with the Company’s performance, etc.
Remuneration for Audit & Supervisory Board (ASB) members consists entirely of fixed remuneration, where the amount of remuneration for each ASB member is determined through consultation among the ASB. This amount falls within the total amount approved by the General Meeting of Shareholders.
to the extent of the scope of such authority and in accordance with the Director Compensation Regulations. The Representative Director and CEO shall make such determination based on the criteria for remuneration to be received by the Directors as established by the Nomination & Remuneration Committee and based on the results of the evaluations made by all Directors, including the Director being evaluated, regarding the degree of contribution of each Director to our business performance.
For the total amount of the calculation method–based remuneration for directors, outside directors and ASB members, resolutions were approved at the 57th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 23, 2007, to cap annual remuneration for directors at ¥750 million (annual remuneration for outside directors capped at ¥50 million) and cap annual remuneration for ASB members at ¥150 million (salaries paid to executive directors for their work as employees are not included in the remuneration caps). However, at the 70th Ordinary General Meeting
of Shareholders held on June 18, 2020, a resolution
of Determination of Remuneration for the Granting of Restricted Stock to Directors (excluding Outside Directors) was passed, thereby resolving to cap the total value of monetary remuneration paid for the purpose of granting restricted stock bonuses at ¥150 million annually as part of the ¥750 million annual payment cap (annual remuneration for Outside Directors capped at ¥50 million) for director remuneration approved at the 57th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 23, 2007.
The total amount of remuneration for FY2019 for different classifications of directors and ASB members, along with subtotals for different types of remuneration, are shown below.
      Classification
Total remuneration (Millions of yen)
Total amount of remuneration by type (Millions of yen)
   63
Credit Saison resolved to establish a Nomination and Remuneration Committee as a voluntary advisory committee at the Board of Directors meeting held on June 7, 2019. Regarding director remuneration, this committee will report on the following matters based on the submission by the Board of Directors.
• Formulation of the remuneration policy and the individual
Name, classification, total remuneration (consolidated) and total amount of remuneration (consolidated) by type of each director, outside director and ASB member
We omitted listing individuals as there were no directors, outside directors or ASB members whose total remuneration exceeded ¥100 million.
Internal Director Remuneration Structure
remuneration package of directors
• Other matters raised by the Board of Directors
• Formulation, amendment or abolition of basic policies that are
necessary for deliberation of the matters stated above • Other matters deemed necessary by the committee
Starting in FY2020, the amount paid to each director is determined by the Representative Director and CEO under the authority delegated by the Board of Directors
Set according to position and management responsibility level (includes stock remuneration)
Business performance for the fiscal year and degree of contribution to business performance
ASB members (Excluding outside ASB members)
468
14
349 119 14
14 − 2
Basic remuneration
Bonuses
     Directors (Excluding outside directors)
    24 24 − 3
33 33 − 4
Notes: 1. The total amount of remuneration paid to directors does not include employee salaries in the case of employees who serve concurrently as executive directors.
Outside directors
  Outside ASB members
  2. As of March 31, 2020, the Company had 15 directors and four ASB members. 3. Basic remuneration includes amounts used to purchase the Company’s shares
(contribution to the shareholders’ association made up of directors).
Number of people
 Basic remuneration (approx. 80%)
 Variable remuneration (approx. 20%)
  
 Strengthening the compliance and risk management systems
To keep improving our corporate value, we identify the enhancement of corporate governance as a key management initiative. To this end, we are improving our internal control systems, strengthening our
risk management framework and fully adhering to compliance requirements.
In establishing internal control systems, the Board of Directors decides on basic policies for such, with the aim of building systems that ensure appropriate and efficient operations mainly in the Corporate Planning Department, the unit responsible for overseeing internal controls. As for internal controls on financial reports, the Corporate Risk Management Department leads the way in promoting the proper functioning of internal controls in the Company and at our consolidated Group companies, while the Internal Audit Office carries out independent monitoring.
Regarding risk management, the Risk Management Committee and Corporate Risk Management Department lead the way in preventing risks from materializing and
in working to minimize the effects on the Company
when they do arise. Accordingly, we strive to maintain
our risk management framework by holding regular internal training sessions for employees in accordance with “risk management rules,” “rules concerning loss
risk management” and “crisis management rules.” With respect to various issues within the Group and matters of control that pose serious risks, the Group Strategy Office of the Corporate Planning Department leads the way in monitoring business execution at Group companies and sharing information with the management departments of Group companies.
As for our compliance system, we have established a Compliance Committee to ensure legal compliance, fairness and ethical standards in our corporate activities. In addition to assigning compliance responsibilities to employees in each department, we issued a declaration on how the Company should conduct its activities and organized the ways in which directors, executive officers
Risk Management System
Credit Saison Board of Directors
and employees should conduct themselves as standards of conduct. As a further means of strengthening our compliance system, we have disclosed this declaration and code of conduct on the Company’s employee website, inform employees about our compliance help desk and hold compliance training sessions to ensure rigorous adherence to these.
We will continue to study approaches to management that best suit the Credit Saison Group considering global trends in corporate governance and our basic policies for ensuring the proper functioning of internal controls.
Dialogue with shareholders and investors (IR activities)
Credit Saison endeavors to convey corporate information to all shareholders and investors in a prompt, fair and easy-to-understand manner, and actively discloses business results, financial conditions, strategies and other matters that the Company believes to be effective in providing a better understanding of the Company. The Company is enhancing our IR-related content, such as providing videos of top management’s presentations at results briefings, in an effort to ensure that a wide range of investors, including individual investors, understand our corporate activities. As of the end of September 2020, approximately 30% of our outstanding shares were held by foreign shareholders, and the Company is actively and continuously working to build relationships with overseas investors through IR activities, such as explaining our corporate activities through telephone conferences and other means.
 Results of IR Activities in FY2019
 Financial Results Briefing
 Individual meetings with sell-side analysts/ institutional investors
 Securities company organized conferences
   2 158 1
      Financial Results Briefing Held in November 2019
General Meeting of Shareholders
To ensure that shareholders have sufficient time to consider resolutions, Credit Saison sends the convocation notice prior to the date specified by law (at least two weeks before the General Meeting of Shareholders date) and discloses such on the Company’s website and TDnet.
70th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders (held June 18, 2020)
47 89.68%
 Action
Risk Management Committee
• Companywide Risk Management Policy • Important risk planning, execution,
  progress management
Risk Management Department
Update Report
Check
  Departments in charge of risk
 Departments and Group companies
Plan
Do
Check
          Action
  Participating shareholders
 Ratio of voting rights exercised
     64
Risk identification
Risk aggregation
Risk evaluation
Risk management planning
Introduction/ Testing
Monitoring/ Reporting

 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Board of Directors/Audit & Supervisory Board Members/ Executive Officers (As of October 1, 2020)
 Board of Directors
 Front row (from left): Naoki Takahashi, Hiroshi Rinno, Masahiro Yamashita, Katsumi Mizuno
Back row (from left): Naoki Togashi, Tatsunari Okamoto,Yoshiaki Miura, Nana Otsuki, Hitoshi Yokokura
Hiroshi Rinno Born in Aug. 1942
Representative, Chairman and CEO Corporate strategy, global strategy, branding, affiliated companies affairs
Katsumi Mizuno Born in Aug. 1969
Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer
Head of Branding Strategy Dept., Processing Business Division, Global Business Division, In charge of Strategic Planning Dept.
Apr. 1992 Joined Credit Saison Co., Ltd.
June 2013 Director
June 2020 Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer
Naoki Togashi
Outside Director (Independent)
Born in Oct. 1960
     Mar. 1982 Joined Credit Saison Co., Ltd.
General Manager, Credit Business Planning
Apr. 2007 June 2014 Apr. 2017
June 2017
Trustee, Japan Association of Corporate Executives (Present)
Director, NAGAHORI CORPORATION (Present)
Representative Director,
Japan Representative Partner,
Oliver Wyman Group (Present)
Outside Director, Credit Saison Co., Ltd. (Present)
 Dept. Apr. 1983 Director
June 2000 President and CEO
Mar. 2019 Representative, Chairman and CEO
Yoshiaki Miura
Masahiro Yamashita Born in Mar. 1958 Representative, Executive President and COO
Born in Sept. 1966
 Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer
General Manager, Payment Business Division,
Sales Development Division, In charge of Processing Development Dept., Affinity Business Dept. No. 1 & 2, Business Strategy Dept., Alliance Development Dept.
Apr. 1990 Joined Credit Saison Co., Ltd.
June 2016 Director
June 2020 Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer
Nana Otsuki
Outside Director (Independent)
Born in Sept. 1964
  Overall management execution, credit card joint ventures affairs, Head of Public Relations Office, Payment Business Division, Sales Development Division
Jan. 2016ExecutiveOfficer,Monex,Inc.(Present) June 2017 Outside Director, Credit Saison Co., Ltd.
   Apr. 1981 Joined Credit Saison Co., Ltd.
June 2010 Director
Mar. 2019 Representative, President and COO
Mar. 2020 Representative,ExecutivePresidentandCOO
(Present)
Professor, Nagoya University of Commerce and Business Graduate School (Present) Visiting Professor, Facuity of International Politics and Economics, Nishogakusha University (Present)
Audit and Supervisory Board Member, Tokio Marine Holdings, Inc. (Present) Trustee, Nishogakusha University (Present)
Naoki Takahashi
Tatsunari Okamoto
Born in Apr. 1967
Apr. 2018 Apr. 2018
June 2018 Sept. 2019
Hitoshi Yokokura
Outside Director (Independent)
 Born in Aug. 1950
Director, Managing Executive Officer
Head of Finance Division,
General Manager, Finance Division,
In charge of Leasing & Rental Business Dept.
Apr. 1990 Joined Credit Saison Co., Ltd.
June 2011 Director
June 2020 Director, Managing Executive Officer
 Representative, Executive Vice President and CHO Promotions of strategies, new businesses, Head of Audit Office, General Affairs Dept., Strategic Human Resources Dept., IT Strategy Dept.
Apr. 2005 Joined Credit Saison Co., Ltd. Advisor June 2005 Managing Director
Mar. 2016 Representative, Executive Vice President
Mar. 2020 Representative, Executive Vice President and CHO
Born in May 1969
    65
Apr. 2014 Partner, Waseda Legal Commons, LPC (Present)
July 2017 Auditor, Minori Audit Corporation (Present)
June 2020 Outside Director, Credit Saison Co., Ltd. (Present)

 Audit & Supervisory Board Members
 Haruhisa Kaneko
Born in Nov. 1956
Munehiro Harada
Born in July 1954
Hiroaki Igawa
Born in Oct. 1958
Chie Kasahara
From left:
Hiroaki Igawa
Haruhisa Kaneko Chie Kasahara Munehiro Harada
Born in Sept. 1968
    Standing Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Jan. 1990 Joined Credit Saison Co., Ltd. June 2008 Director
Mar. 2010 Managing Director
Mar. 2015 President, Qubitous Co., Ltd.
Standing Audit & Supervisory Board Member (Outside/Independent)
Standing Audit & Supervisory Board Member (Outside/Independent)
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (Outside/Independent)
    (Merged with Credit Saison
Registered as an attorney
at law, Dai-Ichi Tokyo Bar Association (Present)
Audit and Supervisory Board Member (Outside),
Co., Ltd. in April 2020) June2019StandingAuditand
June2019StandingAuditand Supervisory Board Member
Credit Saison Co., Ltd. (Present)
Supervisory Board Member of Credit Saison Co., Ltd. (Present)
of Credit Saison Co., Ltd. (Present)
Partners (Present Atsumi &
Apr. 1978 Apr. 2012
June 2013 June 2019
Entered National Police Agency
Director General, Kanto Regional Police Bureau Managing Director, Nichidenkyo Standing Audit and SupervisoryBoardMember of Credit Saison Co., Ltd. (Present)
Apr. 1982 June 2013
June 2014
Entered Ministry of Finance Director-General, Nagoya Customs
Auditor (Regular Employee), East Nippon Expressway Company Limited
Apr. 2000
June 2015
Jan. 2019SeniorPartner,Atsumi&
Sakai) (Present)
June 2019 Audit and Supervisory
Board Member of Achilles Corporation (Present)
 Executive Officers
 Managing Executive Officers
Executive Officers
Yasuyuki Isobe
Kosuke Mori Shunji Ashikaga Keitaro Shigemasa Yasuyuki Isobe Naoki Nakayama
Born in Oct. 1966
Front row (from left): Kazue Yasumori
Kazutoshi Ono Shingo Baba Kaori Shimada
Back row (from left): Masaki Negishi
  Shingo Baba Born in Jan. 1971 Head of Corporate Planning Dept.,
Keitaro Shigemasa
Born in Feb. 1965
Born in Aug. 1969
Kaori Shimada
    Corporate Risk Management Dept., Treasury & Accounting Dept.
CIO, In charge of IT Strategy Dept., General Manager, IT Strategy Dept.
Head of Credit Division, General Manager, Credit Division, In charge of Card Finance Dept., Affiliated Store Planning Dept.
Head of CS Planning Dept., In charge
of Business Development Dept., Asset Management Dept.,General Manager, CS Planning Dept., Business Development Dept.
Kazutoshi Ono Born in Aug. 1976 CTO, Head of Digital Innovation Division,
Kosuke Mori Born in May 1977 General Manager, Global Business Division,
Kazue Yasumori Born in Nov. 1973 General Manager, Processing Business
Masaki Negishi
Born in Sept. 1972
    General Manager, Digital Innovation Division, General Manager, Technology Center
Being assigned to Credit Saison Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd. (in charge of India business)
Division, In charge of Screening Center, Tokyo Risk Management Center, Osaka Risk Management Center, Strategic Human Resources Dept.
In charge of Corporate Planning Dept., Processing Sales Dept., Processing Planning Dept., Global Strategy Planning Dept., General Manager, Corporate Planning Dept.
Born in June 1965
Shunji Ashikaga
Born in May 1971
Naoki Nakayama
  Head of Saison AMEX Division, General Manager, Saison AMEX Division, Business Solution Dept., Credit Guarantee Dept., Corporate Sales in Sales Planning Dept.
In charge of Finance Planning Dept., Finance Business Dept.
General Manager, Finance Business Dept., Structured Finance Group Dept.
66

 CORPORATE DATA
Major Business Sales Bases (As of October 1, 2020)
  Management Conference
General Meeting of Shareholders
Board of Directors
  Representative Directors
Audit & Supervisory Board
 Audit & Supervisory Board Members
    Public Relations Office
Audit Office
  Head Office
52F Sunshine 60 Bldg., 1-1 Higashi- Ikebukuro 3-chome, Toshima-ku, Tokyo 170-6073, Japan
Hokkaido Branch Office
3F Sapporo Center Bldg., 2-2, Kita-5-jo Nishi 6-chome, Chuo-ku, Sapporo City, Hokkaido 060-0005, Japan
Tohoku Branch Office
7F Sendai Shogin Bldg., 1-24, Chuo 3-chome, Aoba-ku, Sendai City, Miyagi 980-0021, Japan
North Kanto Branch Office
3F ORE Omiya Bldg., 114-1, Miyacho 1-chome, Omiya-ku, Saitama City, Saitama 330-0802, Japan
East Kanto Branch Office
19F WBG Marive East Tower., 6-1, Nakase 2-chome, Mihama-ku, Chiba City, Chiba 261-7119, Japan
Tokyo Branch Office
2F Otowa NS Bldg., 10-2, Otowa 2-chome, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo 112-0013, Japan
Kanagawa Branch Office
3F Nisso Dai-5 Bldg., 10-39, Kita-saiwai 2-chome, Nishi-ku, Yokohama City, Kanagawa 220-0004, Japan
Tokai Branch Office
4F NMF Nagoya Yanagibashi Bldg., 16-28, Meieki-minami 1-chome, Nakamura-ku, NagoyaCity, Aichi 450-0003, Japan
Kansai Branch Office
4F Kansai Ubiquitous Bldg., 12-11, Minamisenba 1-chome, Chuo-ku, Osaka City, Osaka 542-0081, Japan
Chugoku/Shikoku Branch Office
5F Otemachi Center Bldg., 8-5, Otemachi 2-chome, Naka-ku, Hiroshima City, Hiroshima 730-0051, Japan
Kyushu Branch Office
9F Kyukan Hakata Ekimae Bldg., 19-27, Hakataekimae 2-chome, Hakata-ku, Fukuoka City, Fukuoka 812-0011, Japan
Shanghai, China
CREDIT SAISON CORPORATION (SHANGHAI) LIMITED, No. 909. 9F, No. 409-459 Landmark East Nanjing Rd., Shanghai, China
Singapore
Credit Saison Asia Pacific PTE. LTD.
16 Collyer Quay #21-01, Income At Raffles, Singapore 049318
Organization Chart
Branding Strategy Dept. Corporate Planning Dept.
Corporate Planning Office Strategic Business Planning Office Group Strategic Management Office
Corporate Risk Management Dept.
Compliance Office
Treasury & Accounting Dept. General Affairs Dept. Strategic Human Resources Dept.
Career Development Office
Customer Satisfaction Planning Dept.
Customer Relations Office
IT Strategy Dept.
System Planning Dept. Business System Planning Dept. System Development Dept. Infrastructure Management Dept.
Processing Business Division
Processing Sales Dept. Processing Planning Dept. Tokyo Information Center Osaka Information Center Biling Settlement Center Business Center
Credit Division
Credit Planning Dept. Alliance Preparation Office
Screening Center
Tokyo Risk Management Center Osaka Risk Management Center Credit Risk Management Dept. Credit Management Dept.
Payment Business Division
Strategic Planning Dept.
Processing Development Dept.
Affinity Business Dept. No. 1 Affinity Business Dept. No. 2 Business Strategy Dept. Business Solution Dept. Card Finance Dept. Alliance Development Dept. Affiliated Store Planning Dept. Business Development Dept. Asset Management Dept.
Saison AMEX Division
Saison AMEX Plannning Dept.
AMEX Business Card Dept.
Product Development Dept.
Sales Development Dept.
Sales Group Digital Sales Group
1 CS Asia Pacific Pte. 3 Saison Modern Finance
2 Kisetsu Saison Finance 4 Idemitsu Saison Microfinance
Finance Division
Finance Planning Dept. Leasing & Rental Business Dept.
Operation Center Business Management Group Credit Guarantee Dept.
Planning Group Sales Group Operation Center
Finance Business Dept. Business Management Group
Structured Finance Group Housing Loan Group Asset Formation Loan Group Rent Guarantee Group Operation Center
Digital Innovation Division
Digital Service Dept.
Digital Marketing Dept. Product Development Dept. Digital Platform Development Dept. Technology Center
Sales Development Division
Sales Planning Dept.
Corporate Group Management Group
East Japan Management Dept. Hokkaido Branch Office
Tohoku Branch Office North Kanto Branch Office
Tokyo Metropolitan Area Management Dept. East Kanto Branch Office
Tokyo Branch Office Kanagawa Branch Office Corporate Sales Dept. No.1
Chubu/Kinki Management Dept. Tokai Branch Office Kansai Branch Office
Corporate Sales Dept. No. 2 West Japan Management Dept.
Chugoku/Shikoku Branch Office Kyushu Branch Office
Global Business Division
Global Strategy Planning Dept. Republic of Singapore1 Republic of India2 Republic of Indonesia3 Kingdom of Cambodia4 Kingdom of Thailand5 Republic of the Philippines People’s Republic of China6 Socialist Republic of Vietnam7 Republic of the Union of Myanmar
5 SIAM SAISON 7 HD SAISON Finance 6 世尊商務諮詢
                                                                                                                                                                              67

 CORPORATE DATA
List of Affiliated Companies (* In the order of the Japanese syllabary As of September 30, 2020)
 Main Consolidated Subsidiaries
Atrium Co., Ltd.
AIR Co., Ltd.
Omnibus K.K.
CASALAGO CO., LTD.
Concerto Inc.
SAISON ASSET MANAGEMENT CO., LTD.
Saison Personalplus Co., Ltd.
Saison Fundex Corporation
Saison Ventures Co., Ltd.
Saison Insurance Service Inc.
Credit Saison Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd.
Kisetsu Saison Finance (India) Pvt. Ltd.
PT. Saison Modern Finance
Saison Capital Pte. Ltd.
Eplus Inc.
Idemitsu Credit Co., Ltd.
Shizugin Saison Card Co., Ltd.
Saison Information Systems Co., Ltd.
Seven CS Card Service Co., LTD.
Daiwa House Financial Co., Ltd.
Takashimaya Financial Partners Co., Ltd.
Yamada Financial Co., Ltd.
Resona Card Co., Ltd.
Comprehensive real estate business, servicing business
Housecleaning, installation of residential facilities, maintenance, ATM-related operations
Internet advertisement agency business, marketing consulting business
Import and sales of lifestyle goods
Real estate rental business, amusement business
Asset management
Temporary staffing business, contracting business, servicing business
Real estate finance business, credit guarantee business, loan business
Identification and investment in start-ups
Life/non-life insurance agency business
Overseas business development and regional headquarters in Singapore
Digital lending business in India
Digital lending, payments, points business, and lease business in Indonesia
Investment in and financing of overseas startup enterprises
Total of 33 companies
Ticket sales
Credit card business, prepaid card business, finance business
Credit card business, credit guarantee business, prepaid card business
Financial IT services business, distribution IT service business, linkage business, HULFT business
Credit card business
Credit card business, settlement agency business, loan business
Credit card business
Credit card business
Credit card business, credit guarantee business
Finance business in Vietnam
Total of 32 companies
                       Major Equity-Method Affiliates
               HD SAISON Finance Company Ltd.
  68

 CORPORATE DATA
Corporate Information/
Investor Relations Information (As of September 30,2020)
 Stock Information
 Common Stock Authorized
Common Stock Outstanding
  Number of Shareholders
  300,000 thousand shares
185,444 thousand shares
15,184
Financial Institutions 40.34%
Composition of Shareholders
Shareholders Memo
Major Shareholders (Top 10)
Institution
Equity stake
      The Master Trust Bank of Japan Ltd. (trust account)
 Custody Bank of Japan, Ltd. (trust account)
 Daiwa Securities Group Inc.
 Custody Bank of Japan, Ltd. (trust account 9)
 HSBC BANK PLC A/C CLIENTS 1
 BNYMSANV AS AGENT/CLIENTS LUX UCITS NON TREATY 1
 Custody Bank of Japan, Ltd. (securities investment trust account)
 THE BANK OF NEW YORK 133972
 Mizuho Bank, Ltd.
 Custody Bank of Japan, Ltd. (trust account 5)
    Individual Investors, others
Number of Shares (thousand)
29,268
13,135
8,050
5,855
4,694
4,067
3,926
3,118
3,000
2,879
Ownership Percentage (%)
18.72
8.40
5.15
3.75
3.00
2.60
2.51
1.99
1.92
1.84
   4.46%
Securities Companies 0.47%
Other Corporations 9.39%
Treasury Stock 15.69%
Foreign Investors 29.65%
Note:1. The 29,100,948 treasury shares held by Credit Saison are not included in the above list of major shareholders. 2. Ownership percentages are based on the number of outstanding shares excluding treasury shares.
Period beginning on April 1 and ending on March 31 of the following year Convened each year in June
Ordinary general meeting of shareholders and year-end dividend payments - March 31 Should any other record date be required, a public notice will be issued in advance.
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank Limited, 1-4-1, Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Stock Transfer Agency Business Department,
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank Limited, 1-4-1, Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Stock Transfer Agency Business Department,
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank Limited, 2-8-4, Izumi, Suginami-ku, Tokyo 168-0063, Japan
0120-782-031 (9:00-17:00 excluding weekends and holidays) https://www.smtb.jp/personal/agency/index.html
Electronic notice (Credit Saison website) https://corporate.saisoncard.co.jp/en/public_announcement/
Tokyo Stock Exchange
8253
                 Fiscal Year
 Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders
 Record Date
 Transfer Agent and Administrator of Special Accounts
 Administrative Office of Transfer Agent
 Mailing Address
 Telephone Inquiries
 URL
 Method of Public Notice
 Stock Listing
 Securities Code
              [Notice of Address Change, etc. and Inquiries Relating to Shares] Shareholders who have an account with a securities company are asked to contact the relevant securities compa- ny regarding address change and other notices, as well as inquiries.Shareholders who do not have an account with a securities company are asked to call the number indicated above for telephone inquiries.
[Special Accounts] For shareholders who were not using the “Hofuri” system (Japan Securities Depository Center, Inc.) prior to the introduction of the electronic share certificate system, an account (special account) has been opened at Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank Limited above as the transfer agent. Inquiries on special accounts should be directed to the transfer agent at the number indicated above for telephone inquiries.
 Corporate Profile
 Name
 Incorporated
 Head Office
 Representative
 Listed Stock Exchange
 Business
 Paid-in Capital
 Number of Regular Employees
   Credit Saison Co., Ltd.
May 1, 1951
52F Sunshine 60 Bldg., 1-1 Higashi-Ikebukuro 3-chome, Toshima-ku, Tokyo 170-6073, Japan
Hiroshi Rinno, Representative, Chairman and CEO
Masahiro Yamashita, Representative, Executive President and COO Naoki Takahashi, Representative, Executive Vice President and CHO
Tokyo (First Section)
1: Payment Segment (credit card business, servicing (loan collection agency) business, etc.)
2: Lease Segment (lease business)
3: Finance Segment (credit guarantee business and finance-related business)
4: Real Estate-Related Segment (real estate business, real estate leasing business, and servicing (loan collection agency) business,etc.) 5: Entertainment Segment (amusement business, etc.)
¥75,929 million
       4,415
Note: In addition to our regular employees, we employ temporary and part-time employees, with the average number of non-regular employees per term at 666 (based on conversion to a 7.5-hours workday)
 69

 CORPORATE DATA
Responsible Officer’s Guarantee/Editor’s Postscript
 Responsible officer’s guarantee
On publishing the Credit Saison Integrated Report 2020
In March 2020, Credit Saison published our first integrated report in which we systematically summarized the Company’s financial and nonfinancial information as a communication tool designed to establish a greater understanding of the Company among our shareholders, investors and all other stakeholders.
In addition to the 5 Ps of our Sustainability Strategy, namely “People, Partnership, Prosperity, Planet, Peace,” the Credit Saison Integrated Report 2020 includes new types of content based on roundtable discussions among the Outside Directors and other forms of interviews in order to expand the range of content beyond reports
of our management strategies, performance and business activities. This approach is taken as a means of ensuring a greater understanding of the Company’s efforts toward sustainable growth, including those aimed at finding solutions to society’s challenges and at contributing to communities through business activities.
During the preparation of this Report, we consulted the “International Integrated Reporting Framework” advocated by the International Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC) and the “Guidance for Collaborative Value Creation” advocated by the Ministry
of Economy, Trade and Industry, and edited the report under the cooperation of each department in a cross- divisional, companywide effort. I hereby declare that the preparation process is proper and the details listed herein are accurate.
Credit Saison shall continue to evolve our communications with all stakeholders and advance initiatives to further raise our corporate value through the Credit Saison Integrated Report 2020.
Information disclosure tools
Shingo Baba
Managing Executive Officer Head of Corporate Planning Dept., Corporate Risk Management Dept., Treasury & Accounting Dept.
   Credit Saison discloses various types of information for our shareholders, investors and all other stakeholders on our website.
  • IR Information https://corporate.saisoncard.co.jp/en/ir/
• General Meeting of Shareholders https://corporate.saisoncard.co.jp/en/ir/meeting/
Editor’s postscript
• Business Report https://corporate.saisoncard.co.jp/en/ir/business_report/
• Integrated Report https://corporate.saisoncard.co.jp/en/ir/integrated_report/integrated_report/meeting/
   Thank you for reading to the end of the Credit Saison Integrated Report 2020.
This year marked the second year of the Medium-term Management Plan, through which we presented our mission
statement of “becoming a finance company advancing with customers for 50 years” in addition to our management philosophy of being a “leading-edge service company.” In this way, we are undertaking the challenge of becoming a true finance company that can continue to provide proposals tailored to the life stage of each customer.
Under the key concepts of “evolution” and “connection,” this Integrated Report strives to express our position in an easy-to-understand manner wherever possible by using illustrations, graphs and data to ensure a better understanding of the “Credit Saison of the past” and the “Credit Saison of the future.” At the same time, it was prepared using new approaches, such as interview pages and special feature pages. Looking ahead, we will continue to seek the honest opinions of our readers so that we can further deepen communication with all stakeholders while upgrading and expanding the content of the report.
70

                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Credit Saison Co., Ltd.
52F Sunshine 60 Bldg., 1-1 Higashi-Ikebukuro 3-chome, Toshima-ku, Tokyo 170-6073, Japan https://corporate.saisoncard.co.jp/en/
