   STRATEGY
SpecialFeature ValueCo-CreationthroughBusiness Global Business
 Social Impact
United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs)
Ensure access to financial services, including microfinance
Promote growth of Micro-SMEs including through access to financial services Increase the access to financial services, including affordable credit
      Bridging the Financial Inclusion
Gap with Impact Investing
Credit Saison offers customers across Asia financial services and solutions, both directly and in partnership with local lending institutions, leveraging its deep domain expertise in non-bank finance in Japan. Large sections of populations across Southeast Asian countries remain underserved or unbanked as they lack some or all of the requirements banks have, or fall outside of such banks’ parameters for credit. Many of these customers even lack access to simple bank accounts.
With emerging FinTech-enabled non-banks in the region looking to provide credit and other financial services to such individuals and enterprises using innovative sales and underwriting, we see an immense opportunity in providing wholesale debt to such non-banks, with strong risk-adjusted returns. With this approach, we look to further financial inclusion by equipping specialized local lenders with the capital they need to access underserved and unbanked customers.
 Credit Saison’s Approach
With the launch of its impact investing* initiative, Credit Saison looks to harness the power of private capital to create long-term positive impact on individuals and enterprises that otherwise lack access to essential banking and financial services. Credit Saison aims to bridge the
gap between underbanked and unbanked individuals and entrepreneurs in emerging and frontier markets and capital markets by offering high-impact debt capital to specialized local lending institutions in Southeast Asia and beyond.
Through this initiative, we look to contribute toward
the UN SDGs that aim to ensure equitable access to
financial services, enable the growth of MSMEs and
increase access to affordable credit in emerging markets.
* Impact investing aims to not only generate competitive financial returns, but also positively impact communities and the environment. The impact investing market overall is expected to supplement the US$2.5 trillion annual funding gap needed to achieve the 17 UN SDGs that the United Nations has put in place to address the world’s most pressing social and environmental development challenges.
Business Model and Operations
Credit Saison is looking to build a business model that
will leverage its own funds to enable the flow of Japanese impact capital to financial inclusion in emerging markets, via innovative structures that cater to the risk-adjusted return expectations of investors, and the liquidity needs
of investees. Our multi-disciplinary team in Singapore with deep experience in this sector has launched a pilot program of US$10 million, where it will deploy Credit Saison’s own funds to our target sectors and markets, together with partners and advisors. Our holistic approach aims to ensure best-in-class investments, with a pipeline of over 300 potential investees in Southeast Asia alone.Investors
  Investment and finance
Finance
       Impact Investing
Charitable donations
Social and environmental return
Solution of social issues
     Development in emerging markets such as Southeast Asia
Return
Credit Saison (Singapore)
Return
Financial institutions
    