 
Contents
 Management Philosophy
Contribute to society through high-quality, innovative pharmaceutical products Serve society through our employees
Management Vision
We aim to be an R&D-oriented pharmaceutical company that contributes to the health of people around the world through innovative pharmaceutical products.
  Introduction CSR
Kissei Code of Conduct
We will contribute to the health and medical care of people around the world by providing ethical drugs and other high-quality, innovative pharmaceutical products.
Therefore, based on the following principles, we pledge to respect human rights in Japan and overseas, comply with and adhere to the spirit of all laws and regulations, and act with high ethical standards.
1 We will develop and provide products that are useful to society in all our fields of business. In the pharmaceutical business, we conduct drug discovery R&D and provide a stable supply of high-quality, highly useful drugs with excellent safety and efficacy.
2 We will conduct clinical trials with the cooperation of medical institutions, giving the utmost effort to respecting the human rights of patients, ensuring safety, and conducting trials with scientific rigor.
3 We will provide accurate, scientifically backed information domestically and overseas regarding product quality, safety, and efficacy to ensure the proper use of drugs, and we will promptly collect, analyze, evaluate, and then communicate information after manufacturing and marketing said drugs.
4 We will engage in free competition in a fair and transparent manner. We will also maintain sound and proper relationships with medical professionals, business partners, governments, and administrations.
5 We will work to promote communication with shareholders and society as a whole, actively disclose appropriate information inside and outside the Company, and increase the transparency of corporate activities.
6 We will give due consideration to the protection of personal information and take every possible measure to protect it in light of the progress of advanced information technology.
7 We will respect the diversity, character, and individuality of all employees, aim to increase their ethical standards and abilities, and ensure for them a safe and comfortable working environment.
8 We will take an active approach toward the environment and make efforts of our own volition in recognition that tackling environmental issues is an important matter for all humanity and is crucial to the survival of the Company and its activities.
9 We will engage in social contribution activities as good corporate citizens.
10 We will stand adamantly against antisocial forces that threaten the order and safety of civil society.
11 We will comply with all international rules and local laws when conducting international business. Furthermore, we will also respect local cultures and customs and work to contribute toward local development.
12 We will listen to voices inside and outside of the Company to establish an effective system and ensure corporate ethics are thoroughly enforced. Management, in recognition of its duty to maintain the spirit of this Code of Conduct and to therefore lead in a way befitting of the Code, will take painstaking efforts to disseminate it on a Groupwide basis and make certain it is understood by business partners.
13 If there is a violation of the Code of Conduct, top management will work to resolve any problems, investigate the cause, and make efforts to prevent recurrence. Furthermore, we will disclose information in a timely manner to the public, hold ourselves accountable, clarify the Company’s authority and responsibilities in light of the viola- tion, discipline those responsible strongly, and accept discipline ourselves.
  2 The History of Kissei Pharmaceutical 4 Value Creation Process
6 Kissei’s Materiality
Value Creation Strategy
8 Five-Year Medium-Term Management Plan “PEGASUS”
10 COO Interview
14 Research and Development (R&D)
18 Overseas Expansion and In-Licensing
20 Providing Drug Information
24 Production, Supply, and Reliability Assurance
26 Financial and Non-Financial Highlights
27 The Kissei Group’s Business
Corporate Governance
30 Letter from the CEO
32 Outside Directors Interview
33 Kissei’s Basic Approach to Corporate Governance
35 List of Directors
37 Risk Factors
38 Compliance
39 Environmental Initiatives
40 Relationships with Our Employees
42 Our Relationship with Medical Professionals and Patients
43 Relationships with Society Financial Data
45 Financial Review
46 Consolidated Balance Sheet
48 Consolidated Statement of Income and Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
49 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Net Assets 50 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
51 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 63 Independent Auditor’s Report
68 Corporate Information
Cover Photo: Mt. Tsubakuro in early autumn (Azumino, Nagano)
    Cautionary Notice
The financial forecasts, R&D plans, and other forward-looking statements that appear in this annual report are based on information available to the Company at the time of disclosure. For that reason, please be aware that actual results may vary greatly from these projections due to a variety of important factors.
Figures in this annual report are rounded down to the nearest unit.
 KISSEI Annual Report 2021
1 Annual Report 2021 KISSEI

   The History of Kissei Pharmaceutical
The History of Kissei Pharmaceutical
Since its founding in 1946, Kissei Pharmaceutical has been committed to the development of new drugs, with patients as its number one priority. Looking to the future, we will continue to conduct research and development and challenge our- selves to create new and unique drugs, guided by the belief that “a pharmaceutical company cannot exist without R&D.”
   1946 Founded as Tachibana Seikagaku Institute Co., Ltd. (Matsumoto, Nagano)
1964 Corporate name changed to Kissei Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
1969 General Research Laboratories constructed (Matsumoto)
1973 General Research Laboratories expanded (Matsumoto)
1961 Launched GASCON, a gastrointestinal anti-gas agent
1980 Manufacturing Plants constructed (Matsumoto)
1985 Second Research Laboratories constructed (Azumino, Nagano)
1988 Listed on the Second Section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange
1990 Foodstuff Business Unit established Construction of Central Research Lab in Azumino City completed General Research Institute relocated
1991 Listed on the First Section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange
1994 Shiojiri Plants constructed (Shiojiri, Nagano)
1991 Launched BEZATOL, a treatment for hyperlipidemia
1992 Launched FRAGMIN, an anticoagulant Launched DOMENAN, a treatment for bronchial asthma
1995 1996
1997 1999
Tokyo Head Office established
Pharmaceutical Laboratory constructed (Azumino)
Tokyo Head Office (Koishikawa) established Environmental Basic Policy established
2001 Nutritional Business Center constructed (Shiojiri)
2004 Kissei America, Inc., established
2007 Joetsu Chemical Laboratories constructed
(Joetsu, Niigata)
2009 Silodosin (Japanese name: Urief®) launched in the United States
2004 Launched Glufast, a treatment for diabetes 2005 Launched SALAGEN, a treatment for
dry mouth symptoms
2006 Launched Urief, a treatment for dysuria associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia
2010 Silodosin (Urief®) launched in Europe 2015 Second Research Laboratories received
full AAALAC International* accreditation
* The Association for Assessment and Accreditation of Laboratory Animal Care International
2010 Launched Epoetin Alfa BS Injection [JCR], a treatment for renal anemia
2011 Launched Glubes Combination Tablet, a treatment for diabetes
2014 Launched SAVENE, a treatment for anthracycline extravasation
2015 Launched P-TOL, a treatment for hyperphosphatemia
2017 Launched RECTABUL, a treatment for ulcerative colitis
2018 Launched Beova, a treatment for overactive bladder
2019 Launched Darbepoetin Alfa BS Injection [JCR], a treatment for renal anemia
2020 Began sales of MARIZEV, a treatment for diabetes Began sales of MINIRIN MELT, DESMOPRESSIN Formulations, and other products
       1982 Launched RIZABEN, a treatment for allergic diseases
1986 Launched UTEMERIN, a treatment for threatened abortion and preterm labor
1988 Launched XANBON, a drug for improving cerebral circulation
1995 1999
Launched RIZABEN Eye Drops, a treatment for allergic conjunctivitis
Launched RIZMON TG, a treatment for glaucoma
   1946
1946—Our Beginning
1980
1990
Kissei’s logo is composed of the Company name, with the two S’s supporting the surrounding circle. The circle represents the harmony between the society of earth and our employees working
to bring that society to its ideal state. The S’s represent the two pillars of our Management Philosophy, which are to “contribute to society through high-quality, innovative pharmaceutical prod- ucts” and to “serve society through our employees.”
2000 2010
“The Two S’s”
“A Pharmaceutical Company Cannot ExistWithout R&D”
In August 1982, we launched RIZABEN®, a treatment for allergic diseases. We encountered several difficulties when conducting R&D for RIZABEN®. However, we were able to push through them, driven by the strong belief that a pharmaceutical company cannot exist without R&D, to produce the first anti-allergic drug to serve as an orally administered asthma treatment.
In subsequent drug discovery research, we launched Glufast®, a treatment for diabetes, in Japan in 2004, and Urief®, a treatment for dysuria associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia, in Japan in 2006. Urief® grew to become a major product that is sold in 59 countries, including the United States.
Our method for overseas development is to license out our technology. We are also engaged in in-licensing as part of active efforts to expand our development pipeline. Working with our partners in Japan and overseas, we have launched or began sales of several products in Japan since 2010.
We will continue to contribute to society by providing new treatment options to medical sites in Japan and overseas, so patients suffering from illness can regain their smiles and live more typical, happier lives.
   The story of Kissei starts with the establishment of the Tachibana Seikagaku Institute. The institute was founded in August 1946, in the wake of World War II, amid a lack of pharmaceuticals and other resources. During the war, a Tokyo-based pharmaceutical manufacturer was evacuated to Matsumoto City, in Nagano Prefecture, where it set up in a health foods factory and worked with local members of the pharmaceutical industry who had strong hopes of establishing a new pharmaceutical company in the area. With a great deal of cooperation from these local members, this company was created in Matsumoto City, with the purpose of manufacturing pharmaceutical drugs.
 KISSEI Annual Report 2021
2
3 Annual Report 2021 KISSEI
Introduction
Value Creation Strategy
CorpoorraateteGGovoevrenrancaence CSR Financial Data
主主主主主
主主主主主主主主
Key Milestones
Major Products Launched

 Value C
reation Process
Value Creation Process
    Kissei’s Management Capital
Management Philosophy
Contribute to society through high-quality, innovative pharmaceutical products
Serve society through our employees
Five-Year Medium-Term Management Plan
“PEGASUS” P. 8–9
Business
Activities
Management Vision Kissei Code of Conduct
The Three Categories of Materiality Related to Business Activities
Created Value
 Human Capital
Human resources with profound knowledge and technical skills
Intellectual Capital
Competitive intellectual property with a focus on small molecules
Social Capital
Relationships of trust with patients, medical professionals, local communities, and other stakeholders
Financial Capital
Strong capital structure via a high shareholders’ equity ratio
Production Capital
Skilled and knowledgeable human resources, facilities such as factories and laboratories, and
related equipment
Natural Capital
Co-existence with nature as a life-related company
Economic Value
Expansion of stable earnings
Stable and sustainable returns to shareholders
Social Value and Contributions to the SDGs Centered on SDG3*
Creation and provision of innovative drugs and medical treatment solutions
Improved quality of life for patients and their families
Provision of appropriate drug and treatment-related information
Provision of a motivating workplace and opportunities to develop abilities
Reduction of environmental impact
Contribution to local communities * “Ensure healthy lives and promote well-being for all at all ages.”
Create sustainable value through further accumulation and circulation of management capital
 Social Issues / External Environment
Pharmaceuticals
Reliability assurance
P. 6–7
Development and provision of products useful to society
Steady supply of high-quality products
Communication with medical professionals and patients
  Declining birthrate and aging population
Restrictions on medical and social security costs
Diversifying medical needs
Diversifying drug discovery modalities
Diversifying work styles
Consideration for the environment
Revitalizing local communities
Research
Production
Sales and marketing
1
2 3
Development
Supply chain
      Therapeutic and care foods
The Four Categories of Materiality Related to Kissei’s Management Base
P. 6–7
Strengthening and enhancement of governance
Creation of a fulfilling workplace environment
3
4
Environmental initiatives
Social contribution as a good corporate citizen
 1
2
  KISSEI Annual Report 2021
4
5 Annual Report 2021 KISSEI
Introduction Value Creation Strategy Corporate Governance CSR Financial Data

 Kissei’s Materiality
Kissei’s Materiality
Kissei Pharmaceutical leverages its business activities to provide continuous value based on its Management Philosophy, which is to “con- tribute to society through high-quality, innovative pharmaceutical products” and “serve society through our employees.” One of the basic policies of its five-year medium-term management plan, PEGASUS, is to “promote ESG and the SDGs.” Under this policy, the Company is working to achieve sustainability in terms of society and the earth’s environment, which is the ultimate goal of the SDGs. As part of this effort, we have once again plotted issues on two axes—relevance to company business and impact on stakeholders—to narrow down issues of importance. Based on the results, we have identified a series of priority issues (materiality) for the Company to focus its initiatives, which will contribute to the achievement of the SDGs.
Promotion System
Aimed at helping achieve the SDGs, the Company’s promotion system for the SDGs is rooted in the SDGs Promotion Committee, which is chaired by the officer in charge of ethics and the environment. The committee formulates a variety of measures to promote the SDGs, which includes identifying materiality; implements these measures in cooperation with related depart- ments; and proposes and reports details of these activities to the Board of Directors.
Kissei’s Materiality
Main SDGs related to the seven categories
Description of materiality
Key initiatives
  Development and provision of products useful to society
 Development of innovative products (drugs, foods) P. 14, 18
We contribute to the health and medical care of people around the world by providing ethical drugs and other high-quality, innovative pharmaceutical products developed by the Company or through partnerships.
  • Drug discovery initiatives
• Promotion of clinical development projects
• Promotion of licensing activities and overseas
development
 Contribution to scientific technology P. 43
We contribute toward greater health and welfare by making patents and dissertations for innovative technology created through pharmaceutical research, and by open innovation with academic institutions and other entities.
 • Joint research with academia and other pharmaceutical companies
• Participation in consortiums sponsored by the Japan Pharmaceutical Manufacturers Association
• Provision of research grants through the Kanzawa Medical Research Foundation
  Steady supply of high-quality products
 Quality control and steady supply and procurement P. 24
We build manufacturing and quality control systems that comply with the latest laws, regulations, and guidelines, procure environmentally friendly materials, and work to provide a steady supply of products in recognition of the fact that our products are related to people’s very lives.
• Formulation and implementation of the “Stable Supply Manual”
• COVID-19-related countermeasures
• Implementation of the Kissei Pharmaceutical Quality
System
Communication with medical professionals and patients
  Promote proper product usage (drugs, foods) P. 20
We provide accurate information backed by science, understanding that offering proper information and promoting proper usage is essential for demonstrating the maximum value of our products.
 • Promotion of activities to provide appropriate medical information
• Creation of a sales system for rare disease treatments
• Introduction of AI Detail
• Immediate provision of safety information via the safety
information provision system
 Improve customer satisfaction and provide patient support P. 42
We contribute to medical treatment by offering the solutions that medical professionals and patients really need.
  • Operation of the medicine consultation window • Operation of a patient-oriented website
   Process for Identifying Materiality
(current step as of August 2021)
(to be completed)
          STEP
1
Identify social and internal issues, making reference to interna- tional guidelines*
STEP
3
Narrow down the number of priority issues through dialogues with external experts regarding the survey results
STEP
5
Revise materiality based on changes in the busi- ness environment and constructive dialogues with stakeholders
   Strengthening and enhancement of governance
We have positioned strengthening corporate governance as an important manage- ment issue for the continued improvement of corporate value, and we are working to create a system that can address changes inside and outside the Company quickly and flexibly.
Risk management P. 24, 37
We promote the smooth execution of corporate activities by properly managing risks that may hinder the realization of our Management Philosophy and the com- pletion of our management plans and mounting an appropriate response to any risks that manifest.
Compliance P. 38
We practice compliance when conducting corporate activities, understanding that this is fundamental to the sound development of the Company and earning stakeholder trust.
Strengthen governance
P. 30
•
• •
• •
• •
•
• • •
•
• • •
•
• •
• •
•
• •
• •
•
• •
Formulation and implementation of the Kissei Basic Policy on Corporate Governance
Appointment of a female director
Increase of the number of outside directors
Creation of a risk management system
Development and update of business continuity plans to include disaster and pandemic countermeasures
Implementation of compliance program
Establishment of a whistleblowing and consultation system (Kissei Hotline)
Consideration given to animal welfare when conducting experimentation on animals
Implementation of rank-based and job-specific training Support for self-development
Establishment of interview system for skill and career development
Initiatives to cultivate the next generation (Platinum Kurumin, etc.)
Initiatives to promote the success of women Prevention of discrimination and harassment Recruitment of people with disabilities
Recognition under the 2021 Certified Health & Productivity Management Outstanding Organizations Recognition Program (Large Enterprise Category)
Promotion of work–life balance
Initiatives related to occupational health and safety and maintaining employee health
Maintenance of environmental management systems (acquisition of ISO 14001 certification, etc.) Implementation of environment conservation activities (management of chemical substances, etc.)
Priority purchasing of green products
Proper management of research and clinical trials that involve genetically modified organisms
Proper management over purchasing reagents (confirma- tion of whether reagents fall under the Cartagena Act)
Continued reduction of CO2 emissions
Promotion of energy-saving measures and climate change countermeasures
Contribution to culture, the arts, and sports (support in exchange for naming rights, support for activities such as the Seiji Ozawa Matsumoto Festival, and the Matsumoto Yamaga Football Club)
Participation in local cleanup activities and offering factory and research institute tours
Donations to child welfare facilities and assistance for natural disasters
    The Seven Categories of Materiality (Priority Issues)
Based on our Management Philosophy, we consider it our mission and most pressing issue to contribute to the health and medical care of people around the world by providing ethical drugs and other high-quality, innovative pharmaceutical products. For patients suffering from illnesses to be able to use our products with peace of mind, it is highly important that we provide a steady supply of high-quality items coupled with appropriate information.
Therefore, we have created three categories of materiality related to business activities:
We have also created four categories of materiality related to our management base, which supports the aforementioned business activities. These categories are “strengthening and enhancement of governance”; “creation of a fulfilling workplace environment”; “environmental initiatives,” aimed at making the earth’s environment sustainable; and “social contribution as a good corporate citizen,” which centers on social development in the local area of Nagano where Kissei’s head office is situated.
* SDGs, SASB Standards, GRI Standards, Access to Medicine Index.
Materiality related to Kissei’s management base
Human resource cultivation
P. 40
    Strengthening and enhancement of governance
Materiality related to Kissei’s business activities
Development and provision of products useful to society
Creation of a fulfilling workplace environment
Creation of a fulfilling workplace environment
Environmental initiatives
Social contribution as a good corporate citizen
We respect the individuality of each employee and provide a variety of opportunities for employees to develop their skills, focusing on individual abilities and aptitudes in an effort to develop human resources who can contribute to the development of the Company and society.
Promote diversity and gender equality P. 40
We are striving to improve the Company’s working environment in terms of hiring practices, working styles, our human resource system, and other aspects to ensure that a wide range of employees can demonstrate a variety of abilities, based on the idea that when employees with different modes of thinking and value systems can recognize and inspire each other, they can add dynamism and creativity to a company.
Enhance workplace environment P. 40
We will create worthwhile workplace environment that gives employees a strong sense of motivation as work-style reforms and the response to COVID-19 bring major changes to working conditions.
     Development and provision of products useful to society Steady supply of high-quality products
Communication with medical professionals and patients
  Steady supply of high-quality products
Communication with medical professionals and patients
Social contribu- tion as a good corporate citizen
Waste management and resource recycling
P. 39
   Environmental initiatives
We work to promote the conservation of a sustainable environment through the effective use of resources, preventing pollution and reducing environmental impact.
Initiatives toward biodiversity P. 39
We take care to ensure that our business activities do not adversely affect biodiversity and ecosystems and take action accordingly.
 KISSEI Annual Report 2021
6
7
Annual Report 2021 KISSEI
STEP
2
Have the heads of 35 departments prioritize the issues via an in- Company survey after receiving SDG training
STEP
4
Have the SDGs Promotion Committee and the Board of Directors identify materiality
Climate change countermeasure
P. 39
We promote environmental management that acknowledges that climate change is a risk factor, with the goal of sustainable growth for society and the Company, and in accordance with the Japan’s Carbon Neutrality Declaration.
Participate in social contribution activities P. 43
We contribute to the sustainable development of society as an intrinsic part of our corporate activities. Moreover, we actively participate in social contribution activities and endeavor to realize our Management Philosophy as a corporate citizen and a member of society.
    Introduction Value Creation Strategy Corporate Governance CSR Financial Data
Materiality related to Kissei’s business activities Materiality related to Kissei’s management base

 Five-Year Medium-Term Management Plan “PEGASUS”
Five-Year Medium-Term Management Plan “PEGASUS”
In light of changing business conditions in Japan and overseas, Kissei Pharmaceutical embarked on a five-year medium-term manage- ment plan, “PEGASUS,” from April 2020 and is making efforts under the four policies listed below. Under this plan, we aim to achieve sustainable growth as an R&D-oriented company.
Performance Outlook
Consolidated net sales
Net sales for the pharmaceutical business Pharmaceuticals*1
Therapeutic and care foods Others*2
Consolidated operating income
R&D investment ROE
Fiscal 2020 Results (First year of the plan)
Fiscal 2021 forecast (Second year of the plan)
Targets for final year (Fiscal 2024)
   ¥87.0 billion or higher
 ¥75.0 billion or higher
 ¥62.5 billion or higher
 ¥4.5 billion or higher
 ¥8.0 billion or higher
 ¥9.0 billion or higher
        ¥69.0 billion
  ¥63.5 billion
 ¥56.4 billion
 ¥53.0 billion
 ¥48.1 billion
 ¥45.5 billion
 ¥3.7 billion
  ¥3.6 billion
 ¥4.5 billion
 ¥3.9 billion
 ¥1.5 billion
 ¥(2.6 billion)
   The Basic Policies of “PEGASUS” 2. Strengthen earnings base overseas
1. Increase domestic sales
2. Strengthen earnings base overseas
3. Expand development pipeline
4. Strengthen the management base
to cope with the changes
in the business environment
1. Increase domestic sales
3. Expand development pipeline
      4. Strengthen the management base to cope with the changes in the business environment
    ¥13.0 billion
 5.0% or higher
   ¥9.6 billion
  ¥9.5 billion
 2.6%
 2.3%
  Products Scheduled to Be Launched or Filed for Approval during “PEGASUS”
*1. Including active pharmaceutical ingredients (API) and bulk exports.
*2. Includes supply to domestic sales partners and revenue from technical fees (contracting fees related to out-licensing, milestone payments, and running royalties).
1. Increase domestic sales
  2017 2018
Beova®
(overactive bladder)
P-TOL® Granules
(hyperphosphatemia)
Nalfurafine GE
(pruritus in dialysis patients)
2019 2020
2021–2024
(FY )
             MINIRIN MELT® 25μg / 50μg
(nocturia due to nocturnal polyuria in males)
MINIRIN MELT®60μg / 120μg / 240μg
(central diabetes insipidus (all versions), nocturnal enuresis resulted from decrease of urine osmolality or urine specific gravity (120μg / 240μg only))
               Darbepoetin Alfa BS Injection [JCR]
(renal anemia)
Difelikefalin (MR13A9)
(uremic pruritus in dialysis patients)
      MARIZEV®
(sustained selective DPP-4 inhibitor)
  Carotegrast Methyl (AJM300【) NDA filed】 (ulcerative colitis)
              Avacopan (CCX168)*
【NDA filed】 (microscopic polyangiitis, granulomatosis with polyangiitis)
Rovatirelin (KPS-0373)
(spinocerebellar ataxia)
Fostamatinib (R788)*
(chronic idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura)
CG0070
(non-muscle invasive bladder cancer)
            Urology
Renal Diseases / Dialysis
Diabetes
Gastroenterology RECTABUL®
Glubes® OD
In the urology area, we are cultivating MINIRIN MELT® as a product to work alongside Beova® to increase our presence in the market. In the renal diseases and dialysis area, we are working to expand sales of P-TOL® and Darbepoetin Alfa BS Injection while advancing development of Difelikefalin. In the diabetes area, we are aiming to increase sales of Glubes® and MARIZEV®. In the rare diseases area, we are building sales and information provision systems for Avacopan and Fostamatinib to ensure smooth introduction to the market after launch. In therapeutic and care foods, we are seeking to enhance sales under the quality assurance system we have developed to date.
 1 Expand sales of new products 2 Expand product portfolio by launching new products and in-licensing 3 Expand earnings in therapeutic and care foods
       Gynecology
Rare Diseases
Out-Licensing
(ulcerative colitis) Dienogest GE
(combination drug of rapid insulin secretagogue / postprandial hyper- glycemic agent)
Remogliflozin
(type 2 diabetes mellitus / SGLT2 inhibitor)
(launched in India by licensee)
2. Strengthen earnings base overseas
1 Establish new overseas earnings by our original product Linzagolix
(endometriosis)
 2 Out-license new drugs
We will establish Linzagolix as our new global product and fortify our overseas earnings base with new out-licensing initiatives. We will also secure
    overseas earnings for existing products in collaboration with partner companies.
3. Expand development pipeline
1 Promote R&D focused on small molecules
    Linzagolix (OBE2109) (uterine fibroids)
【MAA filed in Europe】
  Linzagolix (OBE2109)
(uterine fibroids (U.S.), endometriosis)
    (Notes)
1. Blue: Launched / Red: Designated as an intractable disease / * Designated as an orphan drug
2. For products launched during the medium-term management plan directly prior to PEGASUS, please refer to page 16.
2 In-license according to therapeutic area strategies
We will draw from our medical chemistry* base, which is one of our strengths, and focus R&D on small molecules to prompt innovative
Under “PEGASUS,” we will make investments in three directions. The first is “sales,” aimed at market growth for strategically important products launched over the course of the previous medium-term management plan and the introduction of new products to be launched in the future. The second, “R&D,” is specifically aimed at advancing drug discovery research and development projects. The third direction for investments is “in-licensing” of development themes and products aimed at expanding our development pipeline and product lineup. As a result of our investment efforts, we launched MINIRIN MELT® and MARIZEV®, in April 2020, with plans to either launch or submit appli- cations to launch six products for domestic sale. Of these six products, four are in the area of rare diseases, which is an area we intend to build sales and information provision systems for in the future. Overseas, licensee ObsEva SA will submit an application of approval for Linzagolix, a GnRH receptor antagonist discovered by Kissei, with the expectation of launching the drug over the course of the medium-term management plan. We will develop a system to supply drug substances to ObsEva for this purpose.
drug discovery. To ensure that we can launch new drugs and products on a continuous basis, we will expand in-licensing of competitive themes and optimize our development pipeline.
* A research method for obtaining candidate compounds that involves establishing a screening system for therapeutic targets (receptors, etc.), utilizing a large number of compounds to find chemical structures that act on those targets, and using the data obtained to design and synthesize compounds that are well suited as drugs for evaluation.
4. Strengthen the management base to cope with the changes in the business environment
By executing “PEGASUS” as planned, we will fulfill our social responsibilities and realize sustainable growth as an R&D-oriented company with a clear raison d’etre.
 KISSEI Annual Report 2021 8
9 Annual Report 2021 KISSEI
1 Further strengthen corporate governance 2 Promote compliance with laws and regulations
3 Continue the stable supply of high-quality products and reduce costs 4 Develop personnel for the next generation 5 Optimize cost structure 6 Promote ESG and the SDGs
Introduction Value Creation Strategy Corporate Governance CSR Financial Data
Domestic Overseas

COO Interview
Yoshio Furihata
President and
Chief Operating Officer
Q Please tell us about fiscal 2020 in terms of Kissei Pharmaceutical’s financial performance and as a year overall and about what changes you anticipate in the future?
PEGASUS is our medium-term management plan that spans from April 2020 to March 2025, and our growth strategy, aimed at recovery and regrowth from the negative impact on profits suf- fered as a result of the December 2018 patent expiration of Urief® (Japanese product name), a drug discovered by Kissei and a treat- ment of dysuria associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia.
PEGASUS was launched as Kissei was in the middle of its response to COVID-19, a response that became necessary at the beginning of 2020. Despite this timing, every division and depart- ment achieved their targets in the first year of the plan. In the domestic market, orders of Beova®, a treatment for overactive bladder, and Darbepoetin Alfa BS Injection JCR* , a treatment for renal anemia, exceeded expectations, requiring us to adjust ship- ping volume in order to keep up with demand. We deeply regret any inconvenience experienced by medical professionals as a result of any inability or delay in delivering products that can assist with patients’ treatment and care. For Beova® in particular, we are looking into increasing production with the manufacturer and distributor to establish a steady supply system as soon as possible and to ensure that there is no need for shipping adjust- ments in fiscal 2022.
In terms of R&D, fiscal 2020 was an exciting year indeed, with great progress being made in several late-stage projects. New Drug Applications (NDAs) were submitted for projects after obtaining positive results from phase III clinical trials, the final stage of such trials. An NDA was submitted to the European Medicines Agency by licensee ObsEva SA for the approval of linza- golix (generic name), a treatment for uterine fibroids, in Europe. In addition, Kissei submitted an NDA in Japan for avacopan (generic name), a treatment for ANCA-associated vasculitis. We are also preparing to submit an application in Japan for rovatirelin, a treat- ment for spinocerebellar ataxia. Three projects are currently at the phase III clinical trial stage. These projects are for fostamatinib (generic name), a treatment for chronic idiopathic thrombocyto- penic purpura, difelikefalin (generic name), a treatment for uremic pruritis in dialysis patients, and CG0070 (development code), a treatment for bladder cancer. Moreover, in early fiscal 2021 EA Pharma Co., submitted an NDA application in Japan for carote- grast methyl (generic name), a treatment for ulcerative colitis.
Likewise, in therapeutic and care foods, we have developed new approaches to our customers amid fierce competition and the effects of COVID-19, with progress going according to plan.
* Adjustments to shipping volume are no longer required as August 2021.
COO Interview
  Q What is your impression of the first year of PEGASUS, the Company’s five-year medium-term management plan?
 The outlook for the Japanese economy remains uncertain, con- sidering the prolonged impact of COVID-19 and the ongoing stagnation of the global economy. The pharmaceutical industry continued to be hit with harsh business conditions. In addition to the promotion of generic drug use and other measures to curb medical costs, the NHI drug price revisions implemented in April 2020 brought with them additional requirements for promoting new drug discovery and eliminating off-label drug use. Despite these additional requirements, the replacement rate of drugs by generic versions meant more drastic price cuts for drugs that have been listed in the NHI Drug Price Standard for a long period of time.
But, even under these conditions, we were able to fulfill the obligations of any pharmaceutical company, that is, to provide a steady drug supply, provide appropriate drug information, and collect safety information, in addition to conducting new drug R&D. In the future, we will continue to respond to business condi- tions with a mind toward life with COVID-19 and post-COVID-19.
time. In other words, this is the first time that prices will have been revised in consecutive years. What is more, the range of these revisions—reductions, essentially—exceeded expectations. This means we have to pay close attention to a few matters. First, we need to consider whether drugs that are currently available will be subject to this scale of revision year after year. And, since we are developing several new drugs, we also need consider how their prices will be calculated. For any company planning to launch new drugs in the future, difficulties in predicting drug prices is a major issue, since these prices are directly tied to profits, and Kissei is no exception.
As social security costs rise every year, the sustainability of the social security system is a growing concern. Therefore, we need to consider a balanced solution to ensure its survival. This requires stakeholders of this system to work alongside the pharmaceutical companies to shoulder the costs. I think that the drugs pharma- ceutical companies produce need to be given their due for the role they play in medical treatment and, more than ever, the com-
Q What specific measures do you have in store for fiscal 2021?
 In the domestic market, we intend to ramp up efforts to promote MINIRIN MELT® (25μg/ 50μg), a treatment for nocturia, and MARIZEV®, a treatment for diabetes, since these efforts were previously sty- mied by COVID-19. MINIRIN MELT® is the first drug in Japan with an indication for nocturia due to nocturnal polyuria in males. It has been reported that nocturia can lead to poor sleep and a decreased quality of life (QOL), but I believe that the condition is not properly recognized in Japan. Because of this, we will utilize our website and public lectures in an effort to actively and steadily educate people about how treating nocturia can improve a per- son’s QOL. Diabetes is another field that we have been involved in for several years, and we will promote fast-acting Glufast®, Glubes®, which is a combination tablet of Glufast® and voglibose (generic name), and MARIZEV®, which is administered once a week, as treatments we have created to accommodate patients’ differing conditions and living situations.
In R&D, we will continue moving forward to ensure that proj- ects with NDAs in process will receive approval, to submit applica- tions that are in preparation, and to prove the efficacy and safety of projects that are in phase III clinical trials. We have more proj- ects in the late stage of development than ever before and related divisions are putting in the extra work. Even if a project reaches the late stage, there is no guarantee that a new drug will be approved. However, I feel positive about the results coming from clinical trials.
Since we have late-stage projects targeting multiple rare dis- eases, we launched the Rare Diseases Project, dedicated to mar- keting treatments, within the Sales and Marketing Division in April 2021. It is estimated that each project in development for a rare disease drug treatment targets about 10,000 patients. Patients with rare diseases typically take multiple drugs as part of their treatment. In addition, the doctors who prescribe our drugs are
 11
Annual Report 2021 KISSEI
One of the biggest external factors affecting business for phar- maceutical companies is the NHI drug pricing system. Previously, drug prices were revised once every two years, but in April 2021, drug prices were revised one year ahead of schedule for the first
panies need to realize that drug prices represent the financial value of our assets, and if these assets lose their financial value, our survival is at risk.
KISSEI Annual Report 2021
10
Introduction Value Creation Strategy Corporate Governance CSR Financial Data

 COO Interview
COO Interview
highly specialized experts who have long been involved in the pathology, diagnosis, and treatment of rare diseases, the latter of which includes drug therapy. To keep this small number of medi- cal experts properly informed about these drugs, we must also be well acquainted with the pathology of these diseases as well as
other drug treatments. This is why we have established the Rare Diseases Project—we believe that having a team with a deep well of expertise is crucial if we want to give any degree of comfort to patients via any new drugs we provide.
 Q What is Kissei’s financial strategy and how will it handle the allocation of capital?
Joetsu Chemical Laboratories
COVID-19 has caused massive harm worldwide, with a major impact on social activities. While the surrounding conditions have changed considerably, we will work in accordance with PEGASUS to contribute to people’s health. Therefore, we will enhance new drug R&D efforts to treat rare diseases and other maladies even further. Moreover, we will develop therapeutic and care foods and foods for the elderly, working on the belief that a healthy diet leads to a healthy body. In terms of the environment and society, we will make an active effort to reduce energy
Our fundamental financial strategy is to improve corporate value while maintaining a balance between providing stable returns to shareholders and giving top priority to investments that will lead to growth.
In PEGASUS, growth investments are divided into three cat- egories. The first is “sales,” for investments aimed at expanding the market for key strategic products launched under the previous medium-term management plan, and for introducing new prod- ucts that will be launched going forward. The second category is “R&D,” for investments aimed at drug discovery research and driv- ing development projects. The third investment category is “in- licensing,” investments in development themes and product in-licensing aimed at expanding both the development pipeline and our product portfolio. We are taking a flexible approach to shareholder returns, continuing to provide stable dividend pay- outs with an emphasis on total return ratio while purchasing trea- sury stock.
In fiscal 2021, we will prioritize up-front investments to pro- mote growth and anticipate operating and ordinary losses as a result. That said, we expect to launch multiple late-stage projects to the market in the near future, meaning that we can also expect to recover income with a high degree of certainty. In light of this,
we are planning to increase dividends for the 14th consecutive fiscal year. Although we expect performance to bottom out in fiscal 2021, we expect to return to profitability by fiscal 2022, the third year of PEGASUS, by increasing sales of new product groups, including Avacopan and Beova®, anticipating no need for shipping adjustments to the latter.
Our approach to financial assets is driven by the belief that we need an amount of on-hand liquidity in the form cash, deposits and securities that will allow us to actively and flexibly promote our business strategy. This includes a suitable amount of funds needed for in-licensing development themes and products. However, we intend to utilize our cross-shareholdings and other investment securities both systematically and effectively to reduce the amount of investment securities held, while using the extraordinary income recorded from selling these securities to secure net income and resources for dividends. With the cash generated from these sales, we will make investments with prior- ity given to those that will lead to growth.
One of the targets set within PEGASUS is to achieve an ROE of 5.0% or higher by the final year of the plan. We are aiming for higher capital efficiency while being careful to keep a stable man- agement base over the long term.
consumption, create a rewarding work environment, and con- duct activities that contribute to local communities and society. As for governance-related efforts, we are working under the guid- ance of the Kissei Basic Policy on Corporate Governance and the Compliance Program Manual to ensure transparency by comply- ing with the laws and internal regulations relevant to the various aspects of management and to promote highly ethical corporate activities in good faith, in recognition of our social responsibility to all stakeholders.
 Q Finally, is there something you would like to communicate to stakeholders?
My background is in the clinical development of new drugs. As part of this work, I have spoken with patients with rare diseases, for which there are few treatments, and their doctors, who spend their days and nights looking for changes in their patients’ symp- toms. While it is still important to develop more effective, safer, and more convenient treatments for lifestyle-related diseases, it is also imperative that we develop treatments, which are few in number, for these rare diseases. And so, we will continue to research, develop, manufacture, and sell drugs, empowered by our “passion for patients”—the desire to alleviate a patient’s symptoms by whatever degree is possible. As a first step, we will
do our utmost to bring projects in the late stages of development to our patients as soon as we can.
As we take on this challenge, we look to you all for your contin- ued understanding and support.
August 2021
  Q The five-year medium-term management plan highlights promoting ESG and the SDGs. What initiatives are you focusing on in this regard?
Yoshio Furihata
President and Chief Operating Officer
Increasing corporate value with ESG management is not some- thing that can be done solely at the executive level or by relying on one part of the organization. If our initiatives are to help achieve the SDGs, it is vital that not only top management but also each and every employee, those people working every day on the front lines, understand the importance of these initiatives,
employees, on ways that the Company and they as individuals can help resolve social issues. In fiscal 2021, Kissei’s SDGs Promotion Committee has been playing a central role in identifying material- ity and promoting other initiatives in line with the SDG Compass, a guide for business action to advance the SDGs. As a member of top management, I will continue working actively to promote
 13
Annual Report 2021 KISSEI
 and take it upon themselves to help resolve ESG-related issues. Therefore, we are utilizing in-house newsletters and online train- ing as ways to inform employees, from management to general
ESG and the SDGs. For more information on materiality, please refer to page 6 of this report.
KISSEI Annual Report 2021
12
Introduction Value Creation Strategy Corporate Governance CSR Financial Data

   Research and Development (R&D)
Basic Policy
As an R&D-oriented pharmaceutical company, Kissei Pharmaceutical aims to develop and provide a steady stream of new drugs through drug discovery research and in-licensing of development themes in key areas.
The driving force behind the Company’s R&D efforts is the desire to help patients who are suffering from illnesses and contribute to the health of people around the world.
   Shinji Kikuchi
Director, General Manager of Research Division
Drug Discovery Research
Kissei engages in research focused on small molecule-based drug discovery, driven by its mission to contribute to society through the creation of highly competitive and innovative drugs that meet medi- cal needs.
Although therapeutic modalities have diversified in recent years, the creation of new small molecule drugs has been receiving atten- tion once again. An advantage of small molecules is that they can be applied to a variety of target molecules within tissue, regardless of whether these molecules are inside or outside of a cell. Therefore, small molecules are being reexamined, not only for their potential to develop drugs that can replace monoclonal antibody drugs or nucleic acid drugs, but also for their convenience and impact on medical economics. Another major point of appeal for small mole- cules is that it is possible to create entirely new classes of drugs that exert new effects by binding to different areas of target molecules than conventional drugs, even in typical targets such as enzymes or receptors. Moreover, research on the groundbreaking idea of small molecules for inducing proteolysis has reached the clinical trial stage and is expected to show practical applications. Thanks to technical innovations, the possibilities of drug discovery stemming from small molecules continues to grow. For instance, growing sophistication of the chemical structure of small molecule drugs and technological developments related to middle molecule drugs have opened the door for drug discovery aimed at protein–protein interactions respon- sible for transmitting and regulating intracellular signals, with hun- dreds of thousands of interactions as potential targets.
Our strength when it comes to drug discovery research is our molecular design technology for small molecule drug discovery, which brings together the work of researchers in structural biology and other fields conducted over the course of many years. In particu- lar, we have accumulated a track record of in silico drug discovery, having succeeded in both optimizing chemical compounds and creating new mother nucleus compounds through a combination of target protein discovery, structural analysis, and computational chemistry. We believe that by combining in silico technology with high-throughput screening technology and by employing a screen- ing process that emphasizes scientifically valid mechanisms, we can increase the accuracy of innovative drug discovery.
On the other hand, if we, as a company rooted in drug discovery research, are to keep increasing our corporate value when techno- logical innovation is moving forward with each passing day, we need to continue our work to build a strong technology base and innovate our drug discovery research process. One of these technological innovations is drug discovery conducted using AI. We are working with consortiums that utilize open innovation to develop AI with practical applications and as part of industry-academic collaborations aimed at developing the next generation of AI for drug discovery, with hopes of acquiring the resulting technology. We are also focused on building a new drug discovery platform that aims to create drugs with new mechanisms of action by making full use of cryo-electron microscopes and other advanced structural analysis technology.
We intend to enhance our development pipeline, which includes gene therapy, and positioned as key strategic fields are urology, renal diseases and dialysis, diabetes, and rare diseases. However, our drug discovery research is not locked into these fields and is instead aimed at creating new drugs that can be expanded globally and responding to increasingly diverse and complex medical needs of today, while bearing in mind a medium- to long-term perspective. KSP-0243 is an example of a drug created by Kissei that is keeping with this approach as a treatment for inflammatory bowel disease that is currently in phase I clinical trials.
Going forward, we will continue to fulfill our mission to treat dis- eases without full-fledged treatments with drug discovery that can only be achieved with a small molecule-based approach.
Yuji Kiyono
General Manager and Division Director of Clinical Development Division
Developments in Clinical Trials
The Clinical Development Division is committed to new drug devel- opment with a division-wide policy of professionalism and a broad perspective, as well as a mission in keeping with Kissei’s Management Philosophy—to contribute to society through high-quality innova- tive pharmaceutical products and to serve society through its employees. All members of the division adhere to this policy and are always conscious of their duty “to serve every patient.”
In fiscal 2021, we will move forward with the review of two projects that have been submitted for New Drug Application (NDA) approval, with the goal of receiving certification. These projects concern avaco- pan as a treatment for anti-neutrophil cytoplasmic antibody (ANCA)- associated vasculitis (AAV) and carotegrast methyl as a treatment for ulcerative colitis. We will also continue to prepare an application for the approval of rovatirelin as a treatment for spinocerebellar ataxia, working in collaboration with licenser Shionogi & Co., Ltd. There are also three projects in the final stage of development, with phase III clinical trials underway for fostamatinib as a treatment for chronic idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura, difelikefalin as a treatment for uremic pruritis in dialysis patients, and CG0070 as an oncolytic viral therapy for non-muscle-invasive bladder cancer. CG0070 is particu- larly notable as it marks Kissei’s first global phase III clinical trials for regenerative medicine. Since several projects in late-stage develop- ment involve new territory for the Company, the members of the Clinical Development Division are putting their utmost effort into bringing each project to the next stage.
The spread of COVID-19 has brought with it major changes in the way clinical trials are conducted, and we have stepped beyond the
bounds of our pool of knowledge and experience to actively intro- duce new approaches and initiatives to a variety of clinical trials. These efforts will enable us to make steady progress in the growth strategy included in PEGASUS, our five-year medium-term manage- ment plan.
In February 2021, we submitted an NDA for the approval of avaco- pan, a selective complement C5a receptor antagonist discovered by U.S.-based ChemoCentryx, Inc., as a treatment for microscopic polyangiitis and granulomatosis with polyangiitis classified as ANCA- associated vasculitis. ANCA-associated vasculitis has been designated as an intractable inflammatory disease by the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare (MHLW). In 2017, Kissei obtained sublicensing rights from Swiss-based Vifor Fresenius Medical Care Renal Pharma Ltd. Due to the low number of domestic patients suffering from the disease—around 12,000—avacopan was designated as an orphan drug by the MHLW in March 2019.
When making such developments in the area of rare diseases, many cases arise when it is difficult to build the clinical data package necessary for submitting an application for approval using clinical trials conducted exclusively in Japan owing to the small number of domestic patients. Therefore, the effective use of overseas clinical trial results and global clinical trials are crucial for ensuring both early application and approval. In the case of avacopan, the drug was already undergoing global phase III clinical trials (the ADVOCATE trial) when it was in-licensed in Japan. Therefore Japan’s participation in the ADVOCATE trial was very difficult in terms of the schedule. However, thanks to prompt discussions with the Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Agency (PMDA), preparations for Japan’s participa- tion in the ADVOCATE trial moved forward quickly. As a result, it was possible to incorporate a number of Japanese patient cases (agreed upon with the PMDA in advance) in the ADVOCATE trial within the case registration deadline. Moreover, since the trial yielded positive results, we were able to submit an application for approval in Japan without significantly delaying the application for approval in Europe and the United States.
At present, limited options remain for the treatment of intractable and rare diseases. In this light, our efforts to develop rovatirelin as a treatment for spinocerebellar ataxia, designated as an intractable dis- ease by the MHLW, serve as a reminder of our mission to listen to the voices of those suffering from these illnesses and to promptly develop and deliver drugs that can provide even a minor form of treatment to these patients.
“To serve every patient”—it is with this phrase in mind that we will keep striving to develop new drugs to fulfill unmet needs.
  KISSEI Annual Report 2021
14
15 Annual Report 2021 KISSEI
Research and Development (R&D)
 Introduction Value Creation Strategy Corporate Governance CSR Financial Data

Research and Development (R&D)
R&D Pipeline (as of August 2021)
Development stage
 Research and Development (R&D)
 Treatment for ulcerative colitis
Carotegrast Methyl
(generic name, development code: AJM300)
 Treatment for spinocerebellar ataxia
Rovatirelin
(generic name, development code: KPS-0373)
 Small molecule tyrosine kinase inhibitor
Fostamatinib
(generic name, development code: R788)
 Treatment for uremic pruritis
Difelikefalin
(generic name, development code: MR13A9)
 Treatment for non-muscle-invasive bladder cancer
CG0070
 Treatment for inflammatory bowel disease
KSP-0243
   Generic name / Development code
Expected indications
Microscopic polyangiitis, granulomatosis with polyangiitis
Ulcerative colitis
Spinocerebellar ataxia
Chronic idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura
Uremic pruritis in dialysis patients
Non-muscle-invasive bladder cancer
Uterine fibroids
Endometriosis
Parkinson’s disease
Inflammatory bowel disease
Phase
I II III
Preparation to submit application
NDA in process
Remarks
Carotegrast methyl is a small molecule agent that acts as an alpha-4 integrin antagonist that was discovered by EA Pharma Co., Ltd. (formerly known as Ajinomoto Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd.) Since entering into a domestic alliance in 2015, EA Pharma and Kissei have jointly devel- oped the drug and aim to launch it as the first commercial orally administered small mole- cule alpha-4 integrin antagonist product in the world. In May 2021, EA Pharma filed an application for marketing approval in Japan based on the results of the phase III clinical study AJM300/CT3 and other studies conducted domestically.
In July 2021, the results of the AJM300/CT3 study were presented during the 16th Congress of the European Crohn’s and Colitis Organisation (ECCO ‘21).
Rovatirelin is an orally administered derivative of thyrotropin-releasing hormone (TRH) dis- covered by Shionogi & Co., Ltd. Kissei conducted an initial phase III clinical trial of rovatirelin’s indication for spinocerebellar ataxia from 2013 to 2015. Based on the results of the initial phase III clinical trial, Kissei conducted an additional phase III clinical trial starting from 2016 to 2018. The primary endpoint of these trials was the mean change from baseline in total SARA*1 score for the assessment of ataxia. However, a statistically significant difference from the placebo-controlled group was not determined. To review the results of both phase III clinical trials, Kissei performed a pooled (post hoc) analysis with patients who met the inclusion criteria for the additional phase III trial, which comprised patients with a more severe condition. The change in total SARA score produced from this analysis indicated a statistically significant improvement compared with the placebo group. The results of these trials were published in the online version of Journal of Neurology, Neurosurgery, and Psychiatry.*2 Furthermore, Kissei is in preparations to submit an application for approval based on these results.
*1. Scale for the assessment and rating of ataxia
*2. Nishizawa M, Onodera O, Hirakawa A on behalf of the Rovatirelin Study Group, et al. Effect of rovatirelin in patients
with cerebellar ataxia: two randomised double-blind placebo-controlled phase 3 trials. Journal of Neurology, Neurosurgery & Psychiatry, published online First: 14 January 2020. doi: 10.1136/jnnp-2019-322168
In October 2018, Kissei acquired the development and commercialization rights for fostamatinib, an orally available small molecule, in Japan, China, Korea, and Taiwan from Rigel Pharma- ceuticals, Inc. Kissei is currently conducting domestic phase III clinical trials for the drug as a treatment for patients with chronic idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura (chronic ITP).
Difelikefalin is a kappa opioid receptor agonist discovered by U.S.-based Cara Therapeutics, Inc. In April 2013, Maruishi Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., in-licensed the drug to Japan from Cara Therapeutics, and in March 2017, Kissei and Maruishi entered into a collaboration agreement for the development and sale of the drug, which has an indication for uremic pruritis in dialysis patients. Kissei and Maruishi completed a late-stage phase II clinical study of difelike- falin, an intravenous injection formulation administered during dialysis through the dialysis circuit for the treatment of uremic pruritus in hemodialysis patients. This study has produced favorable results and phase III clinical trials have been underway since 2020.
CG0070 is an oncolytic immunotherapy in which adenovirus is genetically modified to enhance the selectivity and anticancer activity of bladder tumor cells. It does not replicate in normal cells, but it replicates inside the tumor cells selectively, causing tumor cell lysis and immunogenic cell death. In March 2020, Kissei acquired the exclusive development and marketing rights for the agent from CG Oncology, Inc., for 20 Asian countries and regions, such as Japan, South Korea, and Taiwan with the exception of China.
Following in-licensing of the drug, Kissei began preparations for clinical trials in Japan, which took place in March 2021 as part of the BOND3 study, a global phase III clinical trial led by CG Oncology conducted across four countries but focused in the United States.
KSP-0243 is a small molecule agent discovered by Kissei that is currently undergoing phase I clinical trials.
 Avacopan / CCX168
 Carotegrast Methyl / AJM300
 Rovatirelin / KPS-0373
 Fostamatinib / R788
 Difelikefalin / MR13A9
 CG0070
                 Discovered products
(Joint global Phase III clinical trial)
(Conducted by ObsEva SA)
(Conducted by ObsEva SA)
(Conducted by Affamed Therapeutics Limited)
 Linzagolix / KLH-2109
 KDT-3594
 KSP-0243
    (Europe)
(U.S.)
(U.S. and Europe) (Japan)
(China, other countries) (Japan)
                  Changes compared with Annual Report 2020
Major R&D Projects
   Selective complement C5a receptor antagonist
Avacopan
(generic name, development code: CCX168)
Avacopan is a small molecule agent developed by U.S.-based ChemoCentryx, Inc. The drug is a first-in-class orally administered selective complement 5a receptor inhibitor exerting an anti-inflammatory effect for the treatment of patients with anti-neutrophil cytoplasmic auto-antibody (ANCA)-associated vasculitis (AAV). In June 2017, Kissei obtained the develop- ment and marketing rights in Japan of avacopan from Vifor Fresenius Medical Care Renal Pharma Ltd. (VFMCRP). Subsequently, Kissei participated with VFMCRP in the global double- blind phase III clinical trial (ADVOCATE trial), which was sponsored by ChemoCentryx. Based on the positive results of the trial, in February 2021, Kissei submitted an NDA for approval for manufacturing and marketing in Japan. The Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare has granted avacopan orphan drug designation for microscopic polyangiitis and granulomato- sis with polyangiitis, which are two forms of AAV. Overseas, ChemoCentryx has submitted an NDA for avacopan as a treatment for AAV in the United States, and VFMCRP has filed an NDA in Europe.
     KISSEI Annual Report 2021
16
17 Annual Report 2021 KISSEI
Introduction Value Creation Strategy Corporate Governance CSR Financial Data

   Overseas Expansion and In-Licensing
Basic Policy
Kissei’s basic strategy for overseas expansion is to obtain profits from supplying drug substances and royalty income by licensing out its original products. As part of our five-year medium-term management plan PEGASUS, we will establish linzagolix as a new global product and strengthen our overseas earnings base by licensing out new products.
Generic name / Development code
Expected indications
Dysuria associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia
Uterine fibroids
Uterine fibroids
Endometriosis
Acute exacerba- tion of asthma
Parkinson’s disease
Country / Region
Vietnam, other countries
Europe
U.S. Europe, U.S. U.S.
China, other countries
I
Phase
II
III
Preparation to submit application
NDA in process
Partner company
Eisai Co., Ltd. (Japan)
ObsEva SA (Switzerland)
ObsEva SA (Switzerland)
ObsEva SA (Switzerland)
MediciNova, Inc. (U.S.)
Affamed Therapeutics Limited (China)
   Silodosin
 Linzagolix
     Linzagolix
 Linzagolix
 Bedoradrine
 KDT-3594
    global companies based in the United States and Europe have been establishing biotech companies in China. These companies have been developing an increasing number of novel drugs in Asia and globally. Affamed is just such a company, and with its leading group of professionals working on KDT-3594, we expect prompt develop- ment of the drug in Asia. In the future, we plan to utilize data obtained in Japan and Asia to select licensees for KDT-3594 in Europe and the United States.
We are also actively engaged in in-licensing with overseas compa- nies to incorporate global innovation as one of our major strategies to increase sustainable corporate value. Over the last few years, in- licensing has been focused on rare diseases with small numbers of patients and on intractable diseases that are difficult to treat. In the past five years, we have conducted in-licensing for avacopan,* fosta- matinib,* and CG0070,* which are drugs that target rare and intracta- ble diseases. These are drugs being developed by biotech companies based on the west coast of the United States. Kissei is contributing to the efficient development of these drugs by working closely with its overseas partners and participating in global clinical trials from Japan, or by utilizing global data to conduct smaller-scale but more efficient development efforts. As a result, we anticipate prompt delivery to patients in Japan suffering from these intractable diseases.
When difficult problems arise and our own capabilities will not suffice, we know that such problems can be overcome through cooperation—this means accepting the help of those around us and giving the best of ourselves in return. When dealing with a difficult disease, a limit exists to what one person can do on their own, and likewise, we as a company may not be able to handle a disease alone. However, similar to Kissei, there are many pharmaceutical and bio- tech companies around the world with the same desire to tackle intractable diseases and deliver novel drugs to patients. Many such companies have their eyes on Kissei, a company with a strong track record in out-licensing, to see whether we will put forth any drug dis- covery seeds that can be developed globally. We intend to work with these companies and utilize the support of scientists and medical professionals around the world to provide patients with high-quality drugs as quickly as possible to provide these patients with some relief. With this goal in mind, the Kissei Pharmaceutical Business Development Department search for partnerships with people around the world.
* Please refer to the R&D pipeline on page 16.
Changes compared with Annual Report 2020
                  Kousuke Nakada
Department Manager of Business Development Department
Partnerships with Overseas Companies
Getting approval in Europe and the United States for linzagolix, a treatment for uterine fibroids and endometriosis, is a realistic prospect thanks to our partner company ObsEva SA. ObsEva is a bio- tech company based in Switzerland founded by an obstetrician / gynecologist and is focused on developing new drugs in the field of obstetrics and gynecology. The company has a group of human resources with a strong track record in new drug development and has been able to push the development of linzagolix to the applica- tion stage in Europe and the United States. In 2020, ObsEva intro- duced a new CEO from the United States with extensive experience in marketing new drugs and is making preparations to sell linzagolix under his leadership. One of the benefits of teaming up with a bio- tech company is that the very best human resources can be gathered from around the world, instead of being limited to people from within one company, and their contributions can be used to research, develop, and market new drugs. Going forward, we are planning to create new partnerships to promote the development of linzagolix in Asian regions in addition to Japan, the United States, and Europe.
Ahead of this move, we are developing KDT-3594, another impor- tant drug discovered by the Company as a treatment for Parkinson’s disease, in the Asian regions first. In 2020, we entered into a licensing agreement with Chinese biotech company Affamed Therapeutics Limited (hereinafter Affamed), granting the company the right to develop and commercialize the drug in China and several other Asian countries. In 2021, Phase II clinical trials began in Asia. In recent years, people with R&D experience for novel drug development gained at
Development of Linzagolix in Europe and the U.S.
being conducted in Europe and the United States, is ongoing. Uterine fibroids, one of the expected indications for linzagolix, are benign tumors that form in the muscle tissue of the uterus and are frequently observed in females of childbearing age. Menorrhagia, anemia, pain, pelvic pressure, and frequent urination are some of the symptoms that occur and affect the daily life of patients. According to an overseas study, more than 70% of women in the United States experience uterine fibroids by age 50.* In the United States, the long-term medical treatment is scarce and therefore surgery is a common option. There are 300,000 hysterectomies conducted annually as a treatment of
uterine fibroids.
* Am J Obstet Gynecol. 2012 March; 206 (3): 211
In October 2020, Kissei granted China-based Affamed Therapeutics Limited exclusive rights for the development and commercialization of KDT-3594 in China, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Macao, and six Southeast Asian countries (Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand, Indonesia, Vietnam, and the Philippines). Affamed is currently conducting phase II clinical trials (as of August 2021).
entered into a sub-licensing agreement with South Korea-based JW Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., to license development and sales rights in South Korea. In August of that same year, Kissei entered into a similar sub-licensing agreement with China-based Inmagene Biopharmaceuticals, granting them the same rights in China.
Linzagolix is a novel, orally administered GnRH receptor antagonist. Linzagolix acts by binding to and blocking the GnRH receptor in the pituitary gland, ultimately reducing estrogen production by the ovaries. In November 2015, Kissei licensed out exclusive rights to develop and market linzagolix in countries worldwide, excluding Japan and other parts of Asia, to ObsEva SA. ObsEva has been conducting phase III clinical trials for the indications of uterine fibroids and endometriosis. The phase III clinical trials for uterine fibroids have been completed, and an NDA was submitted for approval in Europe in November 2020. Of the two phase III clinical trials conducted for indications of endometriosis, EDEWEISS 2, which was being conducted in the United States, was canceled due to the impact of COVID-19, whereas EDEWEISS 3, which is
Out-licensing of KDT-3594 to China-Based Affamed
Therapeutics
KDT-3594 is a novel orally administrable non-ergot dopamine agonist, which acts by stimulating dopamine receptors in the basal ganglia, thereby ameliorating the symptoms of Parkinson’s disease caused by insufficient action of dopamine. It has also been confirmed as a new therapeutic agent for Parkinson’s disease that reduces the risk of the characteristic side effects of existing ergot and non-ergot dopamine agonists.
Sub-Licensing Agreement for Fostamatinib
Since acquiring the development and sales rights for fostamatinib in Japan, China, Korea, and Taiwan from Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Kissei has been responsible for conducting phase III clinical trials in Japan as well as partnering activities outside of Japan in areas where it has obtained such rights. As a result, in June 2021, Kissei
 KISSEI Annual Report 2021
18
19
Annual Report 2021 KISSEI
Out-Licensing (for drugs discovered by Kissei) (as of August 2021)
Development stage
Overseas Expansion and In-Licensing
 Introduction Value Creation Strategy Corporate Governance CSR Financial Data

    Providing Drug Information
Providing Drug Information
  Suminori Sagara
Director, General Manager of Sales and Marketing Division
The Closest Partners of Medical Professionals in the Mission to Improve Patients’ Lives
We have positioned urology, renal diseases and dialysis, and diabetes as key areas for marketing, with a lineup of multiple products coupled with activities to provide drug information appropriate for each dis- ease and condition.
In the urology field, MINIRIN MELT® was positioned as a grade A recommended treatment for nocturia due to nocturnal polyuria in males after 2020 revisions to guidelines for the treatment of nocturia. In addition to providing drugs such as Urief® and Beova®, we will con- tribute to the treatment of patients as a manufacturer of multiple treatments for lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTS) through activities to provide information, which includes increasing awareness of these ailments.
In renal diseases and dialysis, study after study has been published stressing the importance of phosphorous management for dialysis patients. P-TOL®, a treatment for hyperphosphatemia, can help patients maintain strict phosphorous control. In June 2021, Kissei entered into a co-promotion agreement with SANWA KAGAKU KENKYUSHO Co., Ltd., for UPASITA® Injection Syringe, a treatment for secondary hyperparathyroidism. Both companies have begun pro- viding information on the treatment. Since the patients targeted by P-TOL® and UPASITA® Injection Syringe overlap, we expect to see syn- ergies appear between the two drugs.
We have been working with doctors working in the area of diabe- tes treatments since our launch of Glufast® more than 17 years ago. In April 2020, we added MARIZEV®, a once-weekly sustained selective
DPP-4 inhibitor to our lineup, in addition to Glubes® Combination Tablet. In these ways, we will help with the treatment of patients by putting forth drug treatments that suit their pathological conditions and lifestyles.
There is a growing need to provide information digitally to keep pace with changes in the external environment that include work- style reforms among doctors and the spread of COVID-19. In response, we have been enhancing our digital tools. For instance, we intro- duced “AI-Detail,” a service on our site for medical professionals that utilizes AI to provide voice information regarding our products. However, the role of medical representatives (MRs) has not changed, which is to act as the medical professionals’ closest partners by listen- ing to medical issues and working with them to resolve these issues and help patients recover their health. In the future, we will continue with the hybrid style of providing information and utilizing the ben- efits of both in-person and digital methods.
In addition to these three key areas, we are developing multiple treatments for rare diseases. The foremost example of these efforts is our Feburualy 2021 submission of an NDA for avacopan, a treatment for ANCA-associated vasculitis. Aiming to bring treatments for rare diseases to market, we launched the “Rare Diseases Project” in April 2021. This project is devoted to marketing, education, and other activi- ties in the area of rare diseases, and preparations to introduce the treatments are ongoing.
While rare diseases are handled by a limited number of medical experts and facilities, these diseases can cause a high degree of suf- fering for patients and can be life-threatening if not treated properly. To address this problem, we will build a stable sales and distribution system that can ensure a steady supply of drugs for difficult-to-treat patients. We are also working to train our human resources, particu- larly our MRs. These MRs are responsible for providing medical infor- mation and work with doctors as partners, so we are making sure that they have the specialized knowledge to discuss treatment policies and other matters. In addition to utilizing our ability to propose solu- tions, an ability cultivated in our key areas, we intend to shift toward a patient-oriented approach to providing information that is more mindful of the patient journey.*
The Sales and Marketing Division will adhere to Kissei’s Manage- ment Vision—to be an R&D-oriented pharmaceutical company that contributes to the health of people around the world through inno- vative pharmaceutical products—and fulfill its duty as the anchor in providing drugs to medical professionals and patients.
*The process during which patients acknowledge their illnesses and share their actions, thoughts, and emotions over their care period, from medical examinations to treatment.
Establishment of the Rare Diseases Project
We have multiple late-stage development projects in the area of rare and designated intractable diseases. In April 2021, we estab- lished the Rare Diseases Project within the Sales and Marketing Division as a way to facilitate the smooth entry of these new prod- ucts resulting from these projects into the market. Due to the small number of patients in the area of rare diseases, there are a limited number of medical experts and suitable facilities. We set up this project department to build a specialized and advanced
information provision system for medical experts and staff so the maximum number of patients suffering from an intractable dis- ease can receive appropriate treatment, even if that disease affects just one person.
By bringing new drugs to the market that can function as new treatment options for rare and intractable diseases, we can help improve medical care for those people suffering from these diseases.
Introducing AI-Detail
AI-Detail is a new automated information system for medical pro- fessionals seeking information on our products. Users can per- form a keyword search on the Company’s website for necessary drug information, and the system will automatically select slides with related information. Users can choose slides based on
necessity and interest. Slides that are chosen are presented to the user along with a voice explanation. In addition to having their inquiries answered via our MRs and our Product Customer Service Center, we believe this service will allow medical professionals to obtain necessary information in any place and at any time.
 Treatments for Rare Diseases Scheduled to Be Launched or Filed during PEGASUS
 Generic name / Development code
Development stage
New Drug Application
Preparation to submit application
Phase III clinical trials
Phase III clinical trials
Expected indications
Microscopic polyangiitis and granulomatosis with polyangiitis
Spinocerebellar ataxia
Chronic idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura
Non-muscle-invasive bladder cancer
Lineup of late-stage development projects in the area of rare and intractable diseases
Construction of a specialized and advanced information provision system for the limited number of medical experts and suitable struc- ture to ensure patients can receive appropri- ate treatment
 Avacopan / CCX168
 Rovatirelin / KPS-0373
 Fostamatinib / R788
 CG0070
       KISSEI Annual Report 2021
20
21 Annual Report 2021 KISSEI
Introduction Value Creation Strategy Corporate Governance CSR Financial Data

Results for
fiscal 2020 (millions of yen)*1
4,308
1,161
1,547
Results for
fiscal 2020 (millions of yen)*1
      7,024
      3,464*2
      3,671
1,526
791
  5,885
4,883
4,416
              Providing Drug Information
Providing Drug Information
Main Products (as of August 2021)
  Urology
Overactive Bladder Treatment Beova®
DESMOPRESSIN Formulations MINIRIN MELT®, etc.
Dysuria Treatment Urief®
Renal diseases and dialysis
Hyperphosphatemia Treatment P-TOL®
Active ingredient: Vibegron
Indications:
Urinary urgency, urinary frequency, and urge urinary incontinence associated with overactive bladder
Month of release: November 2018 (tablet)
Joint development and marketing with KYORIN Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
(MINIRIN MELT® OD tablets 25μg/50μg/60μg/120μg/240μg) Active ingredient: Desmopressin acetate hydrate
Indications:
Nocturia due to nocturnal polyuria in males (OD tablets 25μg/50μg) Central diabetes insipidus (OD tablets 60μg/120μg/240μg)
Nocturnal enuresis resulting from decrease of urine osmolality or urine specific gravity (OD tablets 120μg/240μg)
Month of release by the Company: April 2020 (OD tablets) Marketing and distribution operations transferred from Ferring
Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., with co-promotion by both Ferring and Kissei
Active ingredient: Silodosin (Japanese Pharmacopoeia) Indications: Dysuria associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia
Month of release:
May 2006 (capsules*3), February 2009 (tablets), January 2016 (OD tablets) Joint development and marketing with Daiichi Sankyo Company, Limited
Active ingredient: Sucroferric oxyhydroxide
Indications:
Improvement of hyperphosphatemia in patients with chronic kidney disease on dialysis
Month of release:
November 2015 (chewable tablets), November 2018 (granules)
Active ingredient:
Darbepoetin alfa (genetic recombination) [darbepoetin alfa biosimilar 1] Indications: Renal anemia
Month of release: November 2019 (syringe)
Joint development with JCR Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd.
Active ingredient:
Epoetin kappa (genetic recombination) [epoetin alfa biosimilar 1]
Indications:
1. Renal anemia during dialysis 2. Immature infant anemia
Month of release: May 2010 (syringe)
Joint development with JCR Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd.
Projected sales in fiscal 2021 (millions of yen)*1
8,300
4,000*2
2,900
6,600
3,500
2,900
Diabetes
Treatment for Diabetes Glubes®
Treatment for Diabetes Glufast®
Treatment for Diabetes MARIZEV®
Gastroenterology, etc.
Treatment of Dry Mouth Symptoms SALAGEN®
Active ingredient:
Mitiglinide calcium hydrate (Japanese Pharmacopoeia), Voglibose (Japanese Pharmacopoeia)
Indications:
Type 2 diabetes, limited to cases where a treatment with a combination of mitiglinide calcium hydrate and voglibose is deemed appropriate
Month of release:
July 2011 (combination tablet), June 2019 (combination OD tablet)
Active ingredient: Mitiglinide calcium hydrate (Japanese Pharmacopoeia) Indications: Type 2 diabetes
Month of release: May 2004 (tablet), June 2016 (OD tablets)
Active ingredient: Omarigliptin
Indications: Type 2 diabetes
Month of release by the Company: April 2020 (tablet)
Distribution operations transferred from MSD K.K.
Active ingredient: Pilocarpine hydrochloride (Japanese Pharmacopoeia)
Indications:
1. Improvement of dry mouth symptoms associated with radiotherapy to the head and neck
2. Improvement of dry mouth symptoms in patients with Sjogren’s syndrome Month of release: September 2005 (tablet), December 2014 (granules)
Active ingredient: Budesonide
Indications: Ulcerative colitis (except for severe cases) Month of release: December 2017 (injectable foam)
Joint development with EA Pharma Co., Ltd.
Projected sales in fiscal 2021 (millions of yen)*1
4,000
1,000
1,700
1,400
800
              Treatment for Renal Anemia Darbepoetin Alfa BS Injection [JCR]
Treatment for Renal Anemia Epoetin Alfa BS Injection [JCR]
*1. Based on sales figures for fiscal 2020 announced in May 2021.
*2. Combined total for MINIRIN MELT® OD tablets 25μg/50μg/60μg/120μg/240μg, DESMOPRESSIN Intranasal 0.01% Kyowa, DESMOPRESSIN Spray 2.5 Kyowa,
DESMOPRESSIN Spray 10 Kyowa, and DESMOPRESSIN Injection 4 Kyowa. *3. Currently not for sale.
KISSEI Annual Report 2021
22
23
Annual Report 2021 KISSEI
Treatment for Ulcerative Colitis RECTABUL®
Introduction Value Creation Strategy Corporate Governance CSR Financial Data

   Production, Supply, and Reliability Assurance
Tsuyoshi Naganuma
General Manager of Pharmaceutical Manufacturing
Providing a Stable Supply of High-Quality Drugs, Drawing from Our Management Philosophy as the Source of Our “Quality Culture”
The spread of COVID-19 has brought with it significant changes to economic activities and lifestyles. Successive cases of drug recalls from other companies and the suspension of supply during these times have been strong reminders of the need to provide high quality drugs to patients in a stable manner. Therefore, we have drawn from our experience of the Great East Japan Earthquake of 2011 to enhance our business continuity plans (BCP), while formulating a stable supply manual referencing the guidelines for ensuring a steady drug supply put forth by The Federation of Pharmaceutical Manufacturers’ Associations of Japan. Based on these measures, we store a sufficient inventory of drugs divided among several locations to ensure that we can maintain a stable supply system even if natural disasters, a pan- demic, or other factors prevent plant operations. Similarly, we work to uncover risks that might hinder continued procurement and the quality of raw materials for drugs, particularly drug substances and the materials produced from those substances, and strive to enhance supply chain management with measures that include production at multiple locations and maintaining inventory. In keeping with the issuance of the Guidelines on Good Distribution Practice (GDP), a GDP management organization has been set up within the Company to determine basic control items to ensure that the Production Division carries out the proper distribution of drugs within Japan and exports of drugs overseas and to operate and continuously improve the Company’s system to maintain drug integrity.
Kissei Pharmaceutical will contribute to the health of people around the world by actively operating its pharmaceutical quality system, established with a high sense of ethics, and providing high-quality, innovative pharmaceutical products that are continuously improving.
Measures related to COVID-19 are also of great importance. Such measures can be separated into two categories: measures to prevent infection, and those for when infection is confirmed. The basis of pre- venting infection is self-control of one’s behavior to prevent illness. For us, preventing infection is rooted in our shared mission within the Production Division to provide stable supply and procurement and the earnest spirit that is part of the corporate climate of Kissei and pervades each and every member of the department. With this spirit, combined with Groupwide understanding and cooperation, we are making efforts to protect employees involved in the manufacture and supply of drugs from infection. One such measure is staggering lunch times at the cafeteria shared with employees outside the Production Division to reduce contact with employees outside the Production Division and lower the risk of bringing a virus into the plant. We have also produced separate procedure manuals for each department, so even if an infection is confirmed, we have measures in place to minimize its spread, promptly establish a mitigation system, and maintain plant operations. For departments that handle drug manufacturing, quality control, the procurement of products and raw materials, and placing orders, we have installed remote working envi- ronments, separated offices, and set up cooperative systems with other divisions. The sum of these efforts is a system that ensures that the occurrence of an infection within the Company will not affect drug supply.
Our Management Philosophy is to “contribute to society through high-quality, innovative pharmaceutical products” and to “serve soci- ety through our employees.” This philosophy is the source of our “Quality Culture” and permeates the thoughts and actions of each person involved in drug manufacturing at Kissei. This mindset, com- bined with our quality-focused production and carried out in line with the three principles of the Good Management Practice (GMP) system, ensures that we can provide a stable supply of quality drugs.
Of the 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) adopted by the UN to be achieved by 2030, we, as the Production Division of an R&D-oriented pharmaceutical company, are committed to achieving Goal 3, which is to “ensure healthy lives and promote well-being for all at all ages.” To do so, we will continue to provide a stable supply of high-quality drugs supported by advanced technological capabilities and a broad wealth of knowledge and experience, combined with the latest science and information technology and risk-based thinking.
Kaoru Kaneko
General Manager and Division Director of Quality, Safety,
and Regulatory Affairs (General Marketing Compliance Officer)
Secure and Safe Delivery of High-Quality Drugs to Patients
To fulfill one of the missions contained within its Management Philosophy, to “contribute to society through high-quality, innovative pharmaceutical products,” Kissei Pharmaceutical has established an internal system within the Reliability Assurance Division to ensure compliance with Good Quality Practice (GQP) standards and Good Vigilance Practice (GVP) standards.
Regarding quality control, we promote quality assurance activities by bearing in mind our greatest mission, to provide high-quality drugs that patients can trust in and take with peace of mind. We started operation of the “Kissei Pharmaceutical Quality System” in April 2014 to continuously improve quality and ensure stable supplies of pharmaceutical products over their life cycles. Moreover, we con- tinue to conduct quality assurance activities day-to-day to actualize the Basic Philosophy of the Kissei Quality Policy, “to contribute to the health of people around the world by actively operating its pharma- ceutical quality system, established with a high sense of ethics, and providing high-quality, innovative pharmaceutical products that are continuously improving.”
Specifically, we conduct regular quality audits at each plant where drugs are manufactured and confirm that change management and deviation management are properly implemented in addition to sub- sequent corrective and preventive actions in compliance with phar- maceutical regulations. We also identify any issues based on product
quality information from medical institutions and make necessary improvements. Pharmaceutical products are subject to regular moni- toring to ensure proper stability and quality within their shelf life. The results of evaluation and analysis of annual pharmaceutical quality reviews reports from each manufacturer are reported to the Company president and reviewed periodically. Based on the outcomes of the review, measures are then put in place for enhancing quality assur- ance systems, and suitable management resources are allocated to improve drug quality further. In the unlikely event that concerns are raised regarding drug quality or safety, we have established a strictly enforced procedure to ensure that measures, including product recall, are taken to handle the situation promptly, and training for recalls is carried out regularly to be able to perform a recall quickly and properly if an incident occurs abruptly.
On the other hand, for patients to use drugs with peace of mind, it is necessary to continue collecting and evaluating information on the safety and efficacy after launch, since safety information that exists up the point of approval is collected from clinical trials, conducted under controlled conditions. We have established a Safety Management Control Department at our head offices in Matsumoto and Tokyo and are promoting drug safety monitoring activities in cooperation with Safety Management Implementation Departments, focusing on 10 domestic branch offices. Specifically, MRs engage in post-marketing surveillance and other activities to collect a wide variety of infor- mation on the efficacy and safety of our products. The Safety Management Control Department subsequently works with doctors to conduct a close review of this information. After this review, if we determine that new safety measures are necessary, we will promptly notify medical professionals. In this way, we work on collecting and evaluating safety information and then devising safety measures on a daily basis, keeping our mission close to heart and with high ethical standards in our minds so that medical professionals and patients uti- lize our drugs securely and safely.
Furthermore, overseas partners with licensing rights to our drugs collect safety information in their respective territories and promptly share their information with each company. In addition, we discuss safety measures and work to ensure safe usage globally.
Information collected from clinical trials regarding the safety and efficacy of treatments for rare diseases is particularly limited, which makes it much more important to collect such information after launch. Therefore, we will perform this task with a continued sense of responsibility and enthusiasm that will bring peace of mind to those patients who use our products.
    KISSEI Annual Report 2021
24
25
Annual Report 2021 KISSEI
Basic Philosophy of the Kissei Quality Policy
Production, Supply, and Reliability Assurance
  Introduction Value Creation Strategy Corporate Governance CSR Financial Data

 Financial and Non-Financial Highlights
Kissei Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., and its subsidiaries
FY
Financial Results
Net Sales
R&D Expenses
Operating Income
Profit Attributable to Owners of Parent
Financial Condition
Total Assets
Total Net Assets
Other Indicator
Capital Investment
Per Share (Yen and U.S. Dollars)
Profit Attributable to Owners of Parent Cash Dividends
Key Ratios (%)
Operating Income Ratio R&D Expenses Ratio Return on Assets (ROA) Return on Equity (ROE) Shareholders’ Equity Ratio Dividend Payout Ratio
Others
Number of Employees Number of Shares Issued
Kissei Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
FY
Non-Financial Data
Energy Used (kL)
CO2 Emissions (tons)
Amount of Waste Generated (tons) Final Disposal Amount (tons)
2016
¥ 71,706 13,877 8,491 7,726
¥186,801 157,783
Millions of yen, except per share data 2018
2019 2020
Thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share data
2020
2017
¥ 74,009 14,179 9,887 9,045
¥ 72,297 15,711 6,202 5,481
¥213,522 182,707
¥ 1,177
¥ 63,234 10,767 1,857 2,817
¥231,794 192,970
¥ 970
¥ 60.31 52.0
2.9 17.0 1.2 1.5 83.0 86.2
1,892 51,811,185
2019 2020
8,257 17,767 385 11
Pharmaceutical Business
¥56.4 billion 81.7% (percentage of consolidated net sales)
Kissei is guided by its firm belief that a pharmaceutical company cannot exist without R&D, which has been passed on since its founding. As an R&D-oriented pharmaceutical company, Kissei is conducting research and development, manufacturing, and sales centered in ethical drugs to improve the quality of life for patients and their families around the world.
Furthermore, we are developing and marketing therapeutic and care foods (food for special dietary uses, etc.) to contribute to health through food.
Breakdown of Business Results
Pharmaceuticals*1 ¥48.1 billion
Therapeutic and Care Foods (food for special dietary uses, etc.) ¥3.7 billion Other*2 ¥4.5 billion
Other businesses
¥12.6 billion 18.3% (percentage of consolidated net sales) Breakdown of Business Results
Information Services Business ¥8.4 billion Construction Business ¥3.5 billion Merchandising Business ¥0.6 billion
     ¥ 69,044
$ 622,018
9,626
86,721
1,505
13,559
5,285
47,613
                 ¥268,861
$2,422,171
219,953
1,981,559
¥
210,821 176,092
          ¥ 1,180
$ 10,631
¥ ¥
1,477
158.74 46.0
11.8 19.4 4.1 4.9 84.3 29.0
¥ 1,989
Results for Fiscal 2020 Consolidated net sales
¥69.0 billion
      ¥ 113.25
$ 1.02
54.0
0.49
¥
188.26 48.0
13.4 19.2 4.3 5.4 83.3 25.5
¥
117.33 50.0
8.6 21.7 2.6 3.1 85.4 42.6
          2.2
13.9
2.0
2.6
81.6
47.7
   Net Sales and Profit Attributable to Owners of Parent Compared with Fiscal 2019 (millions of yen)
    (Net Sales)
Fiscal 2019
Net sales (pharmaceutical business)
Pharmaceuticals*1
Therapeutic and care foods
Other*2
(Profit Attributable to Owners of Parent)
      • Decrease due to higher cost to sales ratio in pharmaceutical business
 • Decrease primarily due to lower clinical trial expenses
 • Decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses
 • Recorded gain on valuation of securities
 • Recorded gain on sale of investment securities
 63,234
Fiscal 2019 Gross profit
R&D expenses
Other SG&A expenses
Non-operating profit or loss
Extraordinary profit or loss
Corporate taxes Fiscal 2020
2,817
    • Increase in sales of Beova® and Darbepoetin Alfa BS [Injection]
• Increase in revenue due to transfer of distribution operations for MARIZEV® and MINIRIN MELT®, etc.
 • Decrease in revenue from supply to domestic sales partners
 • Decrease in revenue from construction and merchandising, with increase in revenue from information services
          1,863
51,811,185
1,905 54,311,185
2016
8,945 19,701 366 13
1,903 51,811,185
2017
8,694 19,162 424 12
1,907 51,811,185
2018
8,489 18,516 461 15
+5,099 +6,742 –114
–1,529
–2,182 +1,141
+689
+1,399
+1,798
Net sales of
consolidated +710 subsidiaries
Fiscal 2020 69,044
(year-on year comparison: +5,810)
Net sales in the pharmaceutical business increased ¥5,099 million from the previous fiscal year, to ¥56,407 million. Although the prolonged effects of COVID-19 restricted conventional drug information activities, net sales increased for Beova® Tablets, an overactive bladder treatment; Darbepoetin Alfa BS Injection [JCR], a treatment for renal anemia; P-TOL® Chewable Tablets and P-TOL® Granules, treatments for hyperphosphatemia; and other products. Earnings also received a boost after distribution operations were transferred to Kissei in April 2020 for MINIRIN MELT® OD tablets 25μg and 50μg for the treatment of nocturia due to nocturnal polyuria in males; MINIRIN MELT® OD tablets 60μg, 120μg, and
–378
        5,285 (year-on-year comparison: +2,467)
    8,021
16,894
369
39*
          * The volume of residue produced after intermediate treatment is being reassessed following the adoption of the electronic manifest system in fiscal 2020.
(Notes)
1. U.S. dollar amounts are converted at the rate of ¥111 = $1 USD, the approximate effective rate of exchange at March 31, 2021.
2. Profit attributable to owners of parent per share is computed based on the weighted-average number of shares of common stock after subtracting the weighted-average number of shares of treasury
stock for the fiscal year.
3. The Partial Amendments to Accounting Standard for Tax Effect Accounting (ASBJ Statement No. 28, issued February 16, 2018) have been applied from the start of fiscal 2018. Major management indicators
from fiscal 2017 have been presented after retroactively applying these amended accounting standards.
240μg and DESMOPRESSIN Formulations, for the treatment of nocturia enuresis and central diabetes insipidus; and MARIZEV®, for the treatment of diabetes.
Net sales for consolidated subsidiaries rose ¥710 million, due to an increase in information services, despite a decrease in revenue in construction and merchandising. As a result, consolidated net sales for the Group totaled ¥69,044 million, a year-on-year increase of ¥5,810 million.
*1. Including active pharmaceutical ingredients (API) and bulk exports.
*2. Includes supply to domestic sales partners and revenue from technical fees (contracting fees
related to out-licensing, milestone payments, and running royalties).
KISSEI Annual Report 2021 26
27
Annual Report 2021 KISSEI
  The Kissei Group’s Business
The Kissei Group comprises Kissei Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., three consolidated subsidiaries in Japan, one non-consolidated subsidiary in Japan, and one non-consolidated subsidiary overseas, for a total of six companies. The main focus of the Kissei Group is the pharmaceutical business, but it is also engaged in the purchasing and sale of related materials, the manufacture, production, and sale of noodle products, system integration and system resource services, general construction, factory and building management, information gathering and development support, and other services.
Introduction
Value Creation Strategy
Corporate Governance CSR
Financial Data
Breakdown by change
Breakdown by pharmaceutical business

The Kissei Group’s Business
The Kissei Group’s Business
 Therapeutic and Care Foods
Charged by the desire to contribute to society through food, the Nutrition Division develops and sells various food products, such as energy supply foods and protein controlled foods that are useful for groups such as the elderly and patients undergoing dialysis for chronic kidney disease or other reasons.
The keys to a medical diet are nutritional balance, ease of consumption, and a delicious flavor. Our products are made with consideration given to flavor, convenience, and storage capability so that people who have had to re-evaluate the qual- ity of their meals as a result of dietary restrictions stemming from illness or dysphagia, or people unable to eat as much as they would like, can enjoy meals with peace of mind. The product lineup has a wide variety of foods, from staple items to desserts. Useful information and product descriptions can be accessed from home via our website and mail-order catalog “Delicious 365 Days,” which also provides 24-hour ordering services for delivery by mail.
      The Kissei Group
The Kissei Group Management Philosophy:
Make greater contributions to society by creating harmony among the Group’s working parts.
The Kissei Group aims to increase corporate value by aligning the growth vectors of Kissei Pharmaceutical and its three consolidated subsidiaries. Therefore, these subsidiaries have developed and are promoting their own five-year medium-term management plans, which, similar to Kissei Pharmaceutical, began in April 2020.
KISSEI COMTEC CO., LTD. (Information Services)
Description
System integration services
System resource services
(information-related equipment rentals, network setup, etc.) Development and sale of medical systems
Based on its Management Philosophy of “management with respect for human beings” and “management with a sense of challenge and creativity,”KISSEI COMTEC creates and offers information services that combine an abundance of knowledge and advanced technology to develop society with a rich sense of humanity.
To meet the expectations and needs of our customers and to live up to their trust, the company has acquired ISO/IEC 27001 certifica- tions for the protection of information based assets, as well as certifications for meeting international standards ISO 9001 and ISO 14001. To work toward achieving the SDGs, the company has also introduced paperless solutions to support diverse work styles and energy/ resource saving, and is taking steps to create and produce products and services that will help resolve social issues.
HASHIBA TECHNOS CO., LTD. (Construction)
Description
General construction services Factory and building management
As its Management Philosophy states, HASHIBA TECHNOS “contributes to the development of local communi- ties with its technology and sincerity.”Therefore, the company engages in a wide range of general construction services, from building construction to the maintenance and management of equipment and facilities that utilize advanced technology, while staying closely attuned to the needs of local communities.
As part of its efforts to achieve the SDGs, the company has acquired ISO 14001 certification for environmental management systems and ISO 9001 certification for quality management systems. In recognition of its environ- ment-related efforts, in July 2020, Matsumoto City recognized the company as an “eco Office Matsumoto” busi- ness establishment, receiving the highest 3-star ranking.
    Kissei Shoji Co., Ltd. (Merchandising)
Description
Manufacturing, production, and sale of noodle products Purchase and sale of materials
Insurance agency services
Kissei Shoji draws from its Management Philosophy to “contribute to society through trading activities rooted in customer needs” and to “pursue corporate prosperity and employee happiness,” and it is therefore engaged in the development, production, and sale of noodle products centered on Shinshu soba, sale of a variety of equipment, vehicles and fuel, insurance agency services, and other activities.
As initiatives aimed at the SDGs, the company promotes food recycling by utilizing food residue from its noodle production areas for animal feed or compost. Moreover, the company has been certified as meeting JFS-B food safety management standards and strives for quality assurance in line with these standards.
 KISSEI Annual Report 2021 28
29 Annual Report 2021 KISSEI
Introduction Value Creation Strategy Corporate Governance CSR Financial Data

Letter from the CEO
We will achieve sustainable growth and
increase corporate value over the medium to long term,
which in turn will contribute to society and the health of people around the world.
Mutsuo Kanzawa
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Kissei’s Management Philosophy is to “contribute to society through high-quality, innovative pharmaceutical products” and to“servesocietythroughitsemployees.”UnderourManagement Vision, we aim to be an R&D-oriented pharmaceutical company that contributes to the health of people around the world through innovative pharmaceutical products.
The mission of manufacturers of new drugs, such as Kissei, is to research and develop drugs that are useful to patients.
While remarkable progress has been made in the fields of medicine and pharmaceutics in recent years, there remain several illnesses for which no treatment exists, meaning our role is becoming increasingly important. Since our founding in 1946, we have been committed to the development of new drugs, with patients as our number one priority. I believe that when we conduct all company activities with a sense of social responsibility and high ethical standards, whether they are
31
Annual Report 2021 KISSEI
August 2021
Letter from the CEO
 Mutsuo Kanzawa
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
drug discovery, development, production, or appropriate information provision regarding medical care, we are practic- ing one half of our Management Philosophy, which is to “contribute to society through high-quality, innovative phar- maceutical products.” As CEO, I recognize that my duty is to draw from our Management Philosophy and Management Vision to help the Company achieve sustainable growth and increase corporate value over the medium to long term, which in turn will contribute to the health of society and the people of the world.
One recent initiative aimed at enhancing corporate gover- nance was the establishment of the Nomination and Com- pensation Deliberation Committee in 2015. The committee deliberates on candidates for appointment or dismissal as directors and levels of director compensation, which are pro- posed to the Board of Directors. As for the Board of Directors, in 2020 we invited a female outside director to the fold, bring- ing the total number of outside directors to three and helping to ensure diversity.
However, with the revisions made to the Corporate Gover- nance Code in 2021, and with the Tokyo Stock Exchange scheduled to be restructured in 2022, it is more important than ever that we establish a high level of governance, work toward sustainable growth, and improve corporate value even fur- ther. We will continue to examine ways to make governance better for the Company, based on issues that are raised during evaluations of the effectiveness of the Board of Directors and constructive feedback provided by shareholders and investors aimed at improving corporate value, with an understanding that in the future we will need to address issues surrounding sustainability that include the environment, employee health, the promotion of the SDGs, and a human resource strategy that involves reforms to our human resources system to emphasize diversity and future potential.
With COVID-19 came major changes to the world. Great expectations have been laid upon pharmaceutical companies to develop new drugs, and the pandemic has reaffirmed that Kissei’s reason for being is to meet these expectations. My
message to all employees in 2020 was that they need to show “pliability” in the face of these changing times but also have the “pluck” to create change in themselves. It is the time to build Kissei into a flexible and strong company with a clear vision—one that rewards people who take on challenges. I want develop the Company further, hand in hand with all employees. Human resources who can serve society are vital when it comes to developing pharmaceutical products and delivering them to patients. We will work to cultivate human resources capable of dealing with any situation, with the goal of providing new drugs for intractable diseases or other ail- ments to patients around the world as soon as possible.
The pharmaceutical business is at the heart of the Kissei Group, but each Group company will make an effort toward the SDGs and leverage its business to contribute to society.
We will continue striving to provide sustainable value to society and increase corporate value through constructive dialogues with our stakeholders. I ask for the ongoing under- standing and support of all our stakeholders moving forward.
  KISSEI Annual Report 2021 30
Introduction Value Creation Strategy Corporate Governance CSR Financial Data

 Outside Directors Interview
Outside Director Interview / Corporate Governance
In fiscal 2020, Kissei Pharmaceutical embarked on PEGASUS, its five-year medium-term management plan. One of the basic policies of this plan is to strengthen the management base to respond to changes in the business environment. Therefore, Kissei is working to strengthen governance. In this interview, the Company’s three outside directors gave their assessment of Kissei’s governance as it stands now, as well as any future issues and measures that can be taken to further enhance governance.
Q What is your opinion of Kissei Pharmaceutical’s Board of Directors and the Company’s particular characteristics?
performance to recover in terms of net sales and earnings. This is a difficult situation, and to make it through I think Kissei needs to invest in a business promotion system that takes advantage of digital innovation and cultivate human resources with the leadership skills to help achieve the goals of the medium-term management plan. Moreover, the Company needs to continue its efforts to promote thorough compliance.
Mr. Nomura
I think that the role of an outside director is to strengthen a company’s governance system and increase the effectiveness of its Board of Directors. “Maintaining and strengthening relationships of trust with stakeholders” is highlighted within the basic strategy of the medium-term management plan, and I think my role is to serve as a representative for a variety of stakeholders and apply both my experience as a company manager and my knowledge in international business to the deliberations and decision-making that take place during Board meetings. The basic strategy of the plan calls for the promotion of ESG and the SDGs, so I would also like to have full discussions during Board meetings as to whether
the Company’s strategy and vision are rational, realistic, and effec- tive in terms of helping the world and pleasing people as well as to whether important investment decisions are consistent with this strategy.
Ms. Uchikawa
Like Mr. Nomura, I think the role of outside directors is to reflect the stakeholders’ perspective during Board meetings. As a woman, I recognize my duty to state opinions as a voice for diversity and for women inside and outside the Company. Kissei’s mission, as it says in its Management Philosophy, is to “contribute to society through high-quality, innovative pharmaceutical products,” and I believe that by pursuing this mission, it is in the pursuit of health for people all over the world and is in line with SDG 3, which aims for “good health and well-being.” In the future, I would like to put forth proposals during Board meetings that will help stakeholders see the value of Kissei and also increase diversity at the Company even further by giving opportunities for female employees to express their true opinions.
  Sayuri Uchikawa
Outside director
 Minoru Nomura
Outside director
 Shigetaka Shimizu
Outside director
   Mr. Shimizu
Proposal materials that supplement the agenda for Board meetings contain clear points of discussion related to prior investigations and their procedures, as well as discussions that have taken place during meetings of the Business Execution Committee. Board meeting discussions are focused on these points. My opinion as an outside director is that Kissei stands out in that employees feel like they play a role in management, which builds a sense of unity between management and employees. Mr. Nomura
I think this sense of unity that Mr. Shimizu is alluding to is thanks to the sincerity between Kissei’s management and its employees. ESG management is drawing attention worldwide, but I don’t think that a company can implement ESG management or
enhance governance or any number of other initiatives without this sincerity.
Ms. Uchikawa
Before I was appointed to this position, my impression of the Company was that it was committed to drug discovery and providing drugs that could help patients. I also felt that the CEO, Mr. Kanzawa, seemed to have a sincere personality— as a manager, of course, but also when performing any other duty. After becoming an outside director and attending Board meetings, I feel that preparations are carried out well and that the environment is quite good. And, I feel that I am given my proper due as a woman. I think that the sincerity that Mr. Nomura mentioned is something that permeates the entire company, its employees’ actions, and the Board of Directors.
Kissei’s Basic Approach to Corporate Governance
 Q How do you perceive your role in the Company, and what kind of opinions do you express? Also, what potential issues to you intend to speak on at future Board meetings?
Kissei considers strengthening and enhancing corporate gover- nance to be an important management issue for fulfilling its social responsibilities as well as maintaining good relations with its stakeholders, including shareholders, investors, customers, local community members, business partners, and employers, thereby fulfilling its goal of increasing corporate value and achiev- ing sustainable growth as a company with significance and value to society.
Although Kissei has adopted the Audit & Supervisory Board system, the Company has also deemed it reasonable to incorpo- rate the appointment of outside directors within its current gov- ernance system to supplement the function of Audit & Supervisory Board members and enhance the supervisory function of the Board of Directors over management.
Therefore, of the Board of Directors’ 14 members, three are out- side directors. These outside directors have diverse experience as company management in the finance, precision equipment, and education sectors in Japan and overseas, as education specialists, or as members of a Board of Directors or Audit & Supervisory Board at other companies. With this experience, outside directors play an important role in enhancing the decision-making and supervisory functions of the Board of Directors. To further
strengthen ties between the outside directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members, the Company holds regular non- executive officer liaison meetings. These meeting are part of the Company’s efforts to further enhance monitoring over manage- ment and supervisory functions.
Under the current governance system, the Chair and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) is given authority over all matters pertain- ing to management, whereas the President and Chief Operating Officer (COO) is responsible for all matters related to business execution. This division ensures a stronger management system, high mobility, and greater management capabilities related to business execution entrusted to the Board of Directors. Further- more, the Business Execution Committee has been established as an advisory committee to the COO to aid them with decision- making and to assist in examining management-related matters to be proposed or reported to the Board of Directors.
Of the four members of the Audit & Supervisory Board, two are outside Audit & Supervisory Board members. These two outside Audit & Supervisory Board members audit the legality and sound- ness of management by drawing on their respective expertise and experience—one as a lawyer and the other as a certified public accountant and tax accountant.
Mr. Shimizu
While we are expected to express opinions and make proposals based on our experience and expertise, we are also expected to make statements based on some familiarity with what is going on within the industry and from the perspective of other industries.
As for potential issues, during the second year of the five-year medium-term management plan, the R&D pipeline has expanded, and steady work has been made to promote progress; however, these projects have yet to be launched for sales, meaning that net sales are unlikely to increase, which makes its difficult to expect
KISSEI Annual Report 2021
32
33
Annual Report 2021 KISSEI
Introduction Value Creation Strategy Corporate Governance CSR Financial Data

 Corporate Governance
List of Directors (as of June 24, 2021)
Corporate Governance Bodies and Internal Control System
  Election / Dismissal
General Meeting of Shareholders
Election / Dismissal
Election / Dismissal Report
Audit
    Board of Directors
(14 Members, including 3 Outside Directors)
Audit & Supervisory Board
(4 Members, including 2 Outside Directors)
   Report
Consult
Audit
Audit
Election / Dismissal, Supervision
   Nomination and Compensation Deliberation Committee
 Board of Managing DirectorsBusiness Execution Management Council  Director Compensation
The Board of Directors has the authority to decide the policy regarding the determination of individual compensation for the directors of the Company. The Nomination and Compensation Deliberation Committee—consisting of outside directors, the CEO, the COO, and the director in charge of personnel—conducts comprehensive examinations and deliberations regarding com- pensation amounts, which include checking for consistency between these amounts and the aforementioned policy. After this process, the individual amounts are proposed to the Board of Directors.
2. Method for Determining Compensation for Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Compensation for members of the Audit & Supervisory Board is determined after consulting with the Audit & Supervisory Board. Bonuses are proposed and approved at the annual General Meeting of Shareholders.
Auditing Department
Chair and Chief Executive Officer (CEO)
 President and Chief Operating Officer (COO)
  Audit
 Business Departments
1. Policies for Determining Compensation Amounts for Individual Directors and Calculation Methods
Director compensation comprises a base salary and a bonus; the following section explains the policy for determining individual compensation amounts.
Base salary is determined by director rank (position) as a member of the Board and also includes an additional amount based on individual experience as a director. When setting base salaries, consideration is given toward ensuring that each rank receives fair and balanced compensation, while also taking Company performance into account. Bonuses for directors are proposed and approved at the annual General Meeting of Shareholders after taking into consideration the Company’s per- formance for the fiscal year, in addition to other factors. Similar to base salary, when determining individual bonus amounts, consid- eration is given toward ensuring that each rank receives fair and balanced compensation.
Outside Director Skill Matrix
All outside officers are independent officers who are unlikely to have a conflict of interest with general shareholders.
Board of Directors
Mutsuo Kanzawa
1976 Joined the Company
1982 Director, Corporate Strategy & Planning Office 1984 Managing Director
1987 Executive Managing Director
1992 President and CEO
2014 Chairman and CEO (current position)
Chairman and CEO
Yoshio Furihata
President and COO
Business Execution Committee
Standing, From Left Seated, From Left
Michio Iwabuchi, Makoto Yonekubo, Takahide Kitahara, Shinji Kikuchi, Eiichi Matsushita, Suminori Sagara, Masayuki Isaji, Kando Nakagawa
Sayuri Uchikawa, Shigetaka Shimizu, Tetsu Takayama, Keiji Fukushima, Yoshio Furihata, Mutsuo Kanzawa, Hiroe Sato, Yasuo Takehana, Masaki Morozumi, Minoru Nomura
   Hiroe Sato
Executive Vice President
Keiji Fukushima
Executive Managing Director
1984 Joined the Company
2000 Representative Director and President of Kissei Pharma Europe, Ltd. 2008 Director, Department Manager of Business Development Department 2010 Director, Department Manager of Corporate Strategy & Planning
Department
2016 Managing Director, General Manager of Clinical Development Division 2018 President and COO (current position)
  1975 Joined the Company
2006 Director, General Manager of Corporate Strategy & Planning
Division, Department Manager of Corporate Finance Department 2012 Managing Director
1979 Joined the Company
2012 Director, General Manager of Sales & Marketing Division, Department
Manager of Promotion Support Department
2014 Managing Director, General Manager of Sales & Marketing Division 2020 Executive Managing Director (current position)
2014 Executive Managing Director
2016 Executive Vice President (current position)
Yasuo Takehana
Managing Director
Tetsu Takayama
Managing Director
  Name
Shigetaka Shimizu Minoru Nomura Sayuri Uchikawa Kando Nakagawa Michio Iwabuchi
Age (years)
72 74 70 72 65
Duration of Appointment (years)
Independent Business Officer Management
Finance and Accounting
Legal / Compliance
ESG / Sustainability
●
●
●
●
●
International
● ● ●
1984 2012
2016 2020
Joined the Company
Director, General Manager of Research Division, Department Manager of Research Planning Department
Managing Director, Department Manager of Corporate Strategy & Planning Department
Managing Director (current position)
1985 2014 2020
Joined the Company
Director, Department Manager of Human Resources Department Managing Director, Department Manager of Human Resources Department (current position)
 Outside Director
Outside Supervisory Board Members
7 ● 5 ● 1 ●
10 ● 1 ●
●● ●●
        ●●
●
●●
●
       KISSEI Annual Report 2021
34
35
Annual Report 2021 KISSEI

The following are the most significant risks that could potentially affect the Kissei Group’s operating results and financial position. Forward-looking statements are based on the judgments the Group has made from the consolidated financial statements for fiscal 2020.
The degree and timing of a risk materializing, and the impact of such a risk on operating results, have not been published due to the difficulty of making a reasonable prediction. As part of its Risk Management Regulations, Kissei Pharmaceutical has established a Basic Risk Management Policy and a risk management system. In addition, the Company has established a Risk Management Committee, which serves as an advisory body to the Board of Directors comprising primarily directors in charge of divisions and departments. Under the guidance of this committee, the Kissei Group has put a management system in place to prevent the occurrence of possible risks and monitors its progress.

The process of developing pharmaceuticals—from the R&D stage to approval and sales—requires large investments of both time and funds. Kissei estimates its medium- to long-term business performance based on an anticipated drug discovery schedule that is regularly revised, from non-clinical trials to clinical trials, application for approval, and acquisition of approval. However, when developing new drugs, the chances of discovering beneficial indications are limited. In addition, Kissei can neither guarantee that a new drug undergoing development or an additional indication will have its intended benefit nor pre- dict when or whether the drug will be approved.
2 Medical System Reform
Prices of pharmaceuticals in Japan are set based on the government’s NHI drug prices and are revised on a regular basis. There may be drastic reforms of medical and pharmaceutical administrative systems that go beyond Kissei’s expectations, including revisions to Japan’s health insurance system, such as the introduction of diagnosis procedure combinations or the promotion of generic drugs, which would negatively impact Kissei’s operating results and financial position.
3 Competition with Other Companies’ Products
The Kissei Group faces competition from companies selling products with the same application as its own. In addition, once a patent expires, Kissei faces price competition with generic products of the same composition. This com- petition could have a serious impact on the sales of existing drugs.
4 Unexpected Side Effects
Unexpected side effects undiscovered at the R&D stage sometimes appear after a drug has already been marketed. If unexpected side effects or serious adverse events occur, the use of a drug may be limited or sales of the drug may be terminated completely.
5 Manufacturing and Procurement
Malfunctions with production equipment or the inability to procure raw mate- rials in a timely fashion could delay or shut down drug manufacturing. In addi- tion, if a quality problem causes a drug to be recalled, or if shipments have to be adjusted because supply cannot keep up with demand, there could be a negative impact on Kissei’s operating results and financial position.
6 Intellectual Property Rights
If the Kissei Group is unable to appropriately protect its intellectual property, a third party may be able to use the Group’s technology, which would undermine its competitive superiority in the market. Conversely, if the Group’s business activities are with intellectual property rights owned by third parties, it may lead to associated disputes and damages or the suspension of said business activities.
7 Litigation
At present, there is no outstanding litigation affecting the Kissei Group’s man- agement. There is the possibility, however, that in the course of its business activities, the Group could face lawsuits in the future both at home and abroad regarding patents, product liability, the environment, labor matters, fair trade, or other issues.
8 Environmental Conservation
Pharmaceutical chemical substances used in research and manufacturing processing could have an impact on the environment. Every department and work site of the Kissei Group is working diligently to follow stringent substance management rules to protect the environment. However, if chemical substances were found to have polluted areas around a work site, legal action may be taken against the work site, and Kissei may be faced with large costs to undo the environmental damage caused, which would negatively impact Kissei’s operating results and financial position.
9 Information Security Management
Business may be hindered by cyberattacks on the various information systems used by the Kissei Group. The Group is therefore paying close attention to the need to protect information by establishing strict rules for the management of personal and confidential information, as well as providing education on this issue to employees. However, there is the possibility that an unexpected inci- dent occurs in which information is improperly disclosed. In such an event, the Kissei Group’s image may be tarnished, which could negatively impact Kissei’s operating results and financial position.
10 Large-Scale Disasters and Pandemics
Business activities could be suspended due to damage incurred by Kissei or its partners caused by fires, floods, and accidents stemming from natural disas- ters, such as earthquakes or typhoons, or pandemic outbreaks of new strains of influenza or other diseases. As a result, Kissei may experience losses in terms of time and money, which could negatively impact its operating results and financial position.
Regarding the COVID-19 pandemic, Kissei has newly formulated its Standards Related to the Act on Special Measures for Pandemic Influenza and New Infectious Diseases Preparedness and Response and the Act on the Prevention of Infectious Diseases and Medical Care for Patients with Infectious Diseases, which is based on its Risk Management Regulations. Using these standards, Kissei is implementing measures to emphasize the safety of employ- ees and related parties and ensuring a stable supply of its products.
11 Assets Under Possession
Kissei evaluates its business assets, investment securities, and other assets quarterly in accordance with its accounting policy. If there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the value of a business asset, the Group may be forced to record an impairment loss. Regarding investment securities, there is the possibility that the Group records an impairment loss after taking a com- prehensive account of its business plan, or looking at market conditions for investment securities with a market price, or the net worth of companies with unlisted shares and no market price.
12 Recoverability of Deferred Tax Assets
If there is insufficient taxable income to deem deferred tax assets as recoverable, a reversal of deferred tax assets may be issued.


Kissei has established the Compliance Committee to optimize com- pliance promotion, implement the Compliance Program, and serve as an advisory body to the Board of Directors. The committee is chaired by the director in charge of ethics and the environment and is composed of managers from each division. It discusses and deter- mines a specific implementation plan for the Compliance Program for each fiscal year. Once this plan has been determined, the CSR Promotion Office (which serves as the compliance department), the division managers (who are in charge of compliance promotion and are also members of the Compliance Committee), and the Compliance Promotion Supervisor develop and conduct specific activities for compliance education and understanding.
In addition, the Kissei Group engages in Groupwide compliance practices led by compliance officers appointed by each Group com- pany. The Kissei Group Compliance Officers’ Meeting is held regularly, during which these compliance officers share implementation plans, report results, and exchange information. At these meetings, officers also receive education and training.
As a member of a life-related industry, the high ethical standards demanded of the Group are a given. However, if we can commit to not only complying with the law but also maintaining these high ethical standards and fulfilling our social responsibilities, we stand to gain a greater degree of trust from society, which is true for Group companies as well. Therefore, we are working to practice compliance on a daily basis with this goal in mind.
Compliance Promotion Activities
Continued compliance education and training is essential to firmly entrench the importance of observing the law and internal regula- tions as well as corporate ethics, and to ensure that all officers and employees fulfill their responsibility toward proper compliance. The Company provides rank-based education to officers, division and department managers, newly appointed managers and supervisors, and new employees. In addition, employees also receive education and training for work directly related to their duties, covering the Pharmaceutical and Medical Device Act and guidelines regarding the provision of sales information for pharmaceutical drugs. Additional focus has been placed on the topic of harassment, an important issue for companies with the growing awareness of different forms of harassment in recent years.
Other efforts to raise employee awareness regarding compliance include regular messages from top management, and the Company’s Compliance Program Manual, which is distributed to every employee and serves as a guide to daily activities and conduct for ensuring proper compliance.

Whistleblowing and Consultation System “Kissei Hotline”
In response to amendments to the Whistleblower Protection Act (Act No. 51 of 2020), the Kissei Group has established the Kissei Hotline, its whistleblowing and consultation system. The goal of the Kissei Hotline is to protect whistleblowers while preventing the violation of laws and regulations within the Group, as well as any damage or losses that could result from these violations. Moreover, the hotline serves to heighten self-regulation among Group companies. Officers, employees, and retirees can file a report or consult with an external contact independent of the Company regarding legal violations or harassment within the Group. The external contact can be reached by phone, email, sending a physical document, or via a dedicated website. Furthermore, users of the hotline can opt to remain anonymous, in which case the Company will not know who is filing the report.

Every year, we conduct a Compliance Status Questionnaire targeting all employees. This questionnaire allows employees to check their level of understanding, while allowing the Company to confirm whether proper compliance is being carried out, and work toward even more thorough compliance practices. The response rate to the questionnaire has remained high since it was introduced in 2005, with the response rate in fiscal 2020 reaching 94.3%.
The results of the questionnaire are collected and analyzed and then feedback is provided to each division and department, which the Division Manager in charge of compliance promotion, the Compliance Promotion Supervisor, and other persons in charge use to provide appropriate compliance education to employees.
Going forward, we will continue to utilize these questionnaire results and improve our workplace environment while striving to raise awareness of compliance further.

As stated in the Kissei Code of Conduct, which is based on the Group’s Management Philosophy, the Group recognizes the importance of environmental problems and will voluntarily and proactively work toward its conservation. Drawing from this resolution, Kissei Pharmaceutical has determined its Basic Environmental Policy and, based on this policy, works actively and continuously to incorporate environmental conservation in all its corporate activities while reducing the environmental impact of those activities.

Environmental Management System
Kissei promotes environmental management based on the ISO 14001 standards for environmental management systems. The various plants and laboratories of Kissei Pharmaceutical and Group companies KISSEI COMTEC CO., LTD., and HASHIBA TECHNOS CO., LTD., acquired ISO 14001 certification between 2000 to 2007 and then transitioned to the ISO 14001: 2015 standard from 2017 to 2018.

1. Basic Philosophy
As an R&D-oriented company that is always “Looking Towards Tomorrow’s Health” and aims to help people worldwide, Kissei will actively work to preserve the environment as part of its cor- porate social responsibility and contribute to creating an afflu- ent and comfortable society.
2. Basic Policy
(1) We will promote activities to reduce environmental burdens and evaluate the various effects on the environment through a series of corporate activities, such as research, development, production, distribution, sales, usage, and disposal of the products.
(2) We will set environmental objectives and targets regarding global environmental conservation efforts and periodically revise our objectives, seeking to improve continually.
(3)We will actively promote saving energy, saving resources, waste reduction, and recycling, and we will strive to reduce environmental burdens and prevent pollution.
(4) We will comply with environmental laws, regulations, agree- ments, and other requirements to which the Company has agreed, and we will endeavor to conserve the environment by setting our own standards.
(5) Every individual employee will aim to heighten conscious- ness and improve ethics through environmental education, and we will aggressively promote activities for the prevention of environmental pollution.
(6) We take global environmental issues seriously, so all Kissei Group companies will strive to protect the environment.

 Relationships with Our Employees
Relationships with Our Employees
Our Stance on Human Resources
We are taking steps to cultivate human resources and create an environment where our diverse employees can display their skills to their utmost based on the basic stance that intellectual stimulation results from mutual respect for a variety of mindsets and values, inciting creativity and dynamism in the Company. As part of our continued efforts to establish a working environ- ment that encompasses employment, labor conditions, and human resources management, we have adopted a multi- selective human resources system that gives consideration to our employees’ aptitudes and life plans. In addition, we are introduc- ing multiple flexible working styles to our departments, such as flextime and deemed working hours, to allow a variety of person- nel to work to their fullest capability. We are also aiming to intro- duce a post-retirement re-employment system as a way to allow many employees to utilize the experience, skills, and knowledge they have acquired over their careers after they retire.
Cultivating Human Resources
The Kissei Group has set “enabling employees to demonstrate their strengths to the utmost degree as both an individual and a part of an organization” as the objective of its Vision for Human Resources Cultivation. To achieve this vision, we are organically developing measures to help cultivate each type of human resource in a continuous and systematic manner over the medium to long term.
with the Kissei Group Health Insurance Society, while striving to maintain and improve the health of employees and their families and to promote health management, the goal of which is to establish a workplace that is both healthy and vital and where employees can put their abilities on full display with a feeling of purpose and drive. In recognition of these
efforts, Kissei Pharmaceutical was certified as a 2021 Organization with Outstanding Health & Productivity Management (Large Enterprise Category) in March 2021.
higher standard in providing exemplary
childcare support.
* Laws enacted by national and local public entities and busi- nesses to promote measures to support raising next-generation children. These measures are designed to create an environment in which children, who will be responsible for society in the coming generation, can be born and raised in a healthy manner.
Promoting the Success of Women
Kissei has formulated its General Employers Action Plan based on the Act on Promotion of Women’s Participation and Advancement in the Workplace. We are working to further develop our infra- structure so that women are able to fully express their individual- ity and ability in their professional careers and see success in the workplace.
Promoting Work–Life Balance
To promote the usage of annual paid leave, Kissei Pharmaceutical has established a systematic paid leave usage system, which covers an annual Companywide leave period of two days and a leave period of three days for commemorative occasions, such as wedding anniversaries and birthdays. To reduce overtime work, head offices and laboratories have set every Wednesday and salary payment day as “no-overtime” days, while sales branches and offices promote days without out-of office travel and salary payment days as days to go home on time. These initiatives to reduce overtime work and improve efficiency are part of our con- stant effort to promote a work–life balance.
Occupational Health and Safety
In addition to complying with the Industrial Safety and Health Act and other related laws and regulations as well as in-Company work regulations, Kissei implements health and safety measures guided by the Environment, Health, and Safety Committee, an in- house organization, to ensure a safe, secure, and reliable work- place environment for its employees.
Health and safety initiatives are implemented at head offices, plants, and laboratories, led by the Subcommittee for Health and Safety at each location. These initiatives include efforts to main- tain a safe workplace environment through safety training for new employees, regular patrols, and recording metrics of the work environment in addition to basic first-aid training and efforts to impart safety information, such as posting internal newsletters and in-Company posters. The minutes of Subcommittee for Health and Safety meetings are posted on the Company intranet and are available to all employees.
Enactment of the Kissei Pharmaceutical Health Declaration
To realize the goals stated in our Management Philosophy and Code of Conduct, Kissei established the Kissei Pharmaceutical Health Declaration in April 2017, based on the belief that each and every employee must be healthy in both mind and body.
Recognized under the 2021 Certified Health & Productivity Management Outstanding Organizations Recognition Program (Large Enterprise Category)
Kissei Pharmaceutical makes efforts to promote health management with the goal of creating a workplace where Kissei works closely
Health Management Promotion System
The Department Manager of the Human Resources Department has been appointed as the General Manager in Charge of Health Promotion, and the Subcommittee for Health and Productivity Management has been established to further promote drafting and the implementation of measures as well as verifying their effects.
   Major Health Management Initiatives
• Medical testing exceeding legal require- ments and subsidization of cancer screen- ing and other testing costs in cooperation with the Kissei Health Insurance Society
•Stress checks for all business establish- ments, including those with fewer than 50 employees
• Healthy menus provided at employee caf- eterias, etc.
 Major Initiatives
• Increase the number of women who want to join the company by actively publicizing that we maintain a workplace where women play an active role • Promote a system of reduced working hours for female MRs returning to
work from childcare leave   Occupational physician
Occupational health staff
Collabo- ration
Management
Reporting
The Subcommittee for Health and Productivity Management
Collaboration
Health Insurance Society
Collabo- ration
General Manager in Charge of Health Management Promotion (Department Manager of
the Human Resources Department)
Health management promotion
(Human Resources Department, General Administration Department)
Environment, Health and Safety Committee
The Subcommittee for Health and Safety at each business location (Health manager)
 Vision for Human Resources Cultivation
1. Cultivate independent employees who understand the Company’s social mission, contribute to the Company’s development, and are highly creative, responsible, and capable.
2. Cultivate competent businesspeople capable of promoting organiza- tional objectives for efficiency and work to enhance in them the knowledge and skills necessary to perform Company duties in light of management and technology reform.
3. Cultivate members of society with open-minded, refined, and amiable personalities who are capable of building strong relationships and are full of honesty and humanity.Cultivating the Next Generation
Kissei is a company that enables employees to balance work and home life, including childcare, and by creating an environment that is easy for all employees to work in, they are able to demon- strate their full potential. Kissei is making every effort to establish this type of work environment. These efforts were evaluated and recognized in 2008, 2011, and 2015 with certification (Kurumin) as a standards-compliant general business owner based on the Act on Advancement of Measures to Support Raising Next-Generation Children.* Furthermore, in 2017 Kissei was granted special certifi- cation (Platinum Kurumin) in recognition of reaching an even
We will contribute to the health and medical care of people around the world by providing ethical drugs and other high-quality, innovative pharmaceutical products. (From the Kissei Code of Conduct)
To that end, each and every employee must be healthy in both mind and body.
Kissei strives to maintain and enhance the health of employees and their families while instilling a sense of pur- pose and drive. At the same time, we aim to create a healthy and vibrant workplace environment where each and every employee is able to reach their full potential.
Enacted on April 1, 2017
1. The Company and the health insurance society recognize the health problems of employees as important manage- ment issues and will therefore provide opportunities for employees to maintain and improve the health of their minds and bodies and create a workplace that is both healthy and easy to work in. We will actively engage in har- mony (work–life balance) between Company life and the personal lives of our employees.
2. Employees recognize the importance of self-care in terms of managing their own health and will create healthy bodies and minds by actively maintaining and promoting their own health.
KISSEI Annual Report 2021
40
41
Annual Report 2021 KISSEI
Kissei Health Declaration
 Introduction Value Creation Strategy Corporate Governance CSR Financial Data
 Our Relationship with Medical Professionals and Patients
Our Relationship with Medical Professionals and Patients / Relationships with Society
Collection and Appropriate Provision of Drug Information
Drug information obtained from the point of approval until launch is collected from clinical trials under limited conditions. Therefore, to ensure patients can use drugs properly after launch, there must be a continuous effort to check for safety and effec- tiveness. Information about a drug post-launch can be accessed by medical professionals and patients by contacting the Product Customer Service Center, and medical professionals can also acquire this information via the information provision activities carried out by our medical representatives (MRs). In addition, after we launch new drugs for sale, we systematically collect infor- mation on safety and efficacy by conducting post-marketing surveillance and post-marketing clinical trials targeting between hundreds and thousands of patients. If we determine that it is necessary to provide information on new safety measures and proper usage based on the information collected, we will promptly inform medical professionals and patients.
Product Customer Service Desk
We have established the Product Customer Service center to encourage the proper use of pharmaceutical products in a safe and effective manner, and we have responded to inquiries not only from healthcare professionals but also patients. In fiscal 2020, we responded to 12,405 such inquiries. In addition, we are work- ing to build a dedicated phone line for SAVENE®, a treatment for anthracycline extravasation, and RECTABUL®, Japan’s first inject- able foam treatment for ulcerative colitis, in anticipation of urgent inquiries and to facilitate easy consultation.
KISSEI KUR Magazine
Since July 1983, Kissei Pharmaceutical has published issues of KISSEI KUR, a quarterly magazine dedicated to providing medical information. About 30,000 copies of each issue are published, with the goal of providing unique medical information to medical professionals.
The aim of the magazine is to offer enjoyable reading material while also providing useful information. Within its pages, readers can find articles from some of the most important voices related to diseases that Kissei is involved with and learn about medical institutions that are putting forth unique initiatives. We also take advantage of our heritage as a company founded in the Shinshu (Nagano) area of Japan to introduce readers to its natural beauty. The name of the magazine comes from the German word kur, which is “cure” in English, and the magazine delivers interesting information about cures to many medical professionals, including doctors, pharmacists, nurses, and others.
Consultations by Type of Inquirer and Nature of Consultation
Patient-Oriented Information Website
Kissei works actively to communicate information to patients in its key fields, such as renal diseases and dialysis and urology. We established and currently operate an information website through our corporate web page for use by patients and their families. The goal of this site is to help people who are undergo- ing dialysis or suffering urinary symptoms to live their lives more happily.
Its concept as a site is to help patients and their families to enjoy living their daily lives. Accordingly, the site uses a Q&A format to give specific advice focused on the various situations that patients experience day-to-day. On the section for dialysis patients, the site provides information on dietary management, which is crucial for these patients. This section includes alterna- tives to cooking from scratch, with easy-to-understand tips on dietary management, items to purchase when shopping at the supermarket or the convenience store, or when eating out.
Relationships with Society
Contributions to Medical Treatments and Health
Kanzawa Medical Research Foundation
Kanzawa Medical Research Foundation was established on June 27, 1997, on the basis of private assets offered by Kunio Kanzawa, then Chairman of Kissei Pharmaceutical, and funds provided by Kissei Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., in commemoration of its 50th anniversary in business.
When the foundation was established, there was the expecta- tion that the drop in birthrate and growth in life expectancy at that time would result in a declining birthrate and aging society phenomenon and become an important socioeconomic issue in the near future. From a medical perspective, it was believed that a highly significant part of solving this problem was the mainte- nance and promotion of women’s health. Against this backdrop, the foundation promotes the development of healthcare and medical science by encouraging studies (hereinafter referred to as subjected studies) from various angles on the causes, preven- tion, diagnoses, and therapies, etc., of various diseases that occur in women of reproductive age with a focus on the perinatal period and elderly/senile women, thereby contributing to the enhancement of people’s health and welfare.
    Consultations by Type of Inquirer FY2020
Breakdown by Nature of Consultation FY2020
Pharmacist: 82.9% Medical staff: 9.0% Medical consumer: 4.1% Other, unknown: 2.1% Physician: 1.9%
Drug preparation: 18.4%
Clinical matters: 15.9%
Document retrieval requests: 14.1%
Packing and expiration dates: 13.3%
Safety-related matters: 8.7%
Precautionary matters (aside from side-effects): 8.0%
Medical treatment fees: 2.1%
General inquiries: 1.8%
Pharmacokinetics-related matters: 0.4%
Non-clinical matters: 0.2%
Other: 17.1%
   Number of Consultations (Inquiries answered by the Product Customer Service Center from outside the Company)
Consultations 16,000
 12,000 8,000 4,000
0
11,403 11,080
16 17
11,239
18
11,286
19
12,405
20 (FY)
To achieve these goals, the foundation conducts the following
activities related to the above subjected studies:
(1) Research grants
(2) Overseas study grants
(3) Awards for excellent results-bearing research (Kanzawa Medical Award) (4) Organization of seminars on subjected studies
The total number of rewards and grants and the amount of money awarded to date (1997–2020) are shown in the following table.
     Total number
Total amount of money
 Kanzawa Medical Award
 22
 ¥65 million
  Research Grants
       237
       ¥282 million
  Overseas Study Grants
 90
 ¥45 million
    KISSEI Annual Report 2021
42
43
Annual Report 2021 KISSEI
KISSEI KUR Magazine
Number of Awards and Grants in Fiscal 2020
Kanzawa Medical Award
Recipient: Associate Professor Masahito Tachibana ResearchInstitution:Tohoku University Graduate School of Medicine,
Center for Perinatal and Neonatal Medicine Research Theme: Establishment of gene therapy for genetically inherited mitochondrial diseases using cytoplasmic substitution and possible use of mitochondrial replacement ther-
apy to overcome intractable infertility
Research Grants: 10 Overseas Study Grants: 4
Introduction Value Creation Strategy Corporate Governance CSR Financial Data

 Relationships with Society
Financial Review
Contributions to Social Well-Being
Since 2006, we have conducted fundraising activities and charity drives at culture festivals held in the Matsumoto and Shiojiri areas (locations of the Head Office, Matsumoto Plants, Shiojiri Plants, and the Nutritional Business Center), with proceeds going to the Matsumoto Children’s Garden, a children’s welfare facility. In fiscal 2020, culture festivals were canceled to prevent the spread of COVID-19, but donations were made to the facility using proceeds from remote events and contributions from employees.
This donation also includes the proceeds from the sale of organic compost, an environmentally friendly recycled organic fertilizer made from kitchen waste from the employee cafeterias at the Head Office and Matsumoto Plants.
Culture Festival (fiscal 2019)
Contributions to Local Communities
Since 2009, we have supported Parent and Child Science Workshops hosted by Matsumoto City, where the head office is located, by providing employee volunteers. These workshops, designed for elementary school students and their parents, aim to teach about the joy of science through play and prevent people from losing their love of science. Employees plan and con- duct lessons on days when they are held by Kissei. Participants are able to wear lab coats and use the actual equipment used in research as if they were conducting experiments themselves, pro- viding an enjoyable experience for parents as well as children.
The workshops are also a valuable experience for employees who participate as instructors and staff, as they can draw inspira- tion from the children’s serious efforts to perform the experiments and their smiles when they succeed.
Parent and Child Science Workshops
Contributions to Sports and Culture
Support for the Matsumoto Yamaga Football Club
Kissei is the official sponsor of the Matsumoto Yamaga Football Club.
The club was formed in Matsumoto City in 1965 and is cur- rently fighting as a team to return to J. League Division 1 status. Kissei supports the club with a vision toward contributing to “town development,”“human development,” and “future develop- ment” through soccer, which brings vigor and vitality to local communities and supplies dreams and excitement to the com- munity and its promising children.
© Matsumoto Yamaga FC
Seiji Ozawa Matsumoto Festival
Music is a language common to the world. We believe that com- panies play an important role in the support and cultivation of cultural activities that bring people together and touch them emotionally.
Since September 1992, the annual music festival Seiji Ozawa Matsumoto Festival (formerly the Saito Kinen Festival Matsumoto) has been held in Matsumoto City under the guidance of interna- tionally renowned conductor Maestro Seiji Ozawa. This festival gathers elite musicians from around the world to form the Saito Kinen Orchestra, performing operas and concerts and producing music of the highest levels transmitted from Japan to the world, resounding in the hearts of all who hear it. The festival is held in various places in Matsumoto City, including the Kissei Culture Hall (naming rights acquired for the formerly named Nagano Prefectural Matsumoto Cultural Hall in 2012).
In 2020, the event had to be canceled due to the spread of COVID-19 in Japan and overseas.
Kissei Pharmaceutical has supported the festival since its inception.
Opera Eugene Onegin by Tchaikovsky (performed in 2019) © Michiharu Okubo
Financial Position
Assets
For the fiscal year under review, ended March 31, 2021, assets stood at ¥268,861 million, up ¥37,066 million from the previous consoli- dated fiscal year-end. Total current assets decreased ¥3,711 million, to ¥92,965 million, mainly due to a contraction in cash on hand, which offset an increase in inventories, notes and accounts receiv- able, and marketable securities. Total non-current assets were up ¥40,778 million, to ¥175,895 million, mainly reflecting an increase in investment securities and long-term prepaid expenses. Liabilities
Total liabilities amounted to ¥48,907 million at the fiscal year-end, up ¥10,083 million from the previous consolidated fiscal year-end. Total current liabilities stood at ¥18,245 million, up ¥1,221 million, mainly due to an increase in notes and accounts payable and income tax payable, despite a decrease in accounts payable listed under other current liabilities. Total long-term liabilities were up ¥8,861 million, to ¥30,662 million, due to an increase in deferred tax liabilities.
Shareholders’ Equity
Total net assets amounted to ¥219,953 million at the consolidated fiscal year-end, an increase of ¥26,983 million compared with the previous fiscal year-end. This increase mainly reflected a rise in retained earnings, net unrealized holding gains on securities, in addition to other factors.
As a result, the shareholders’ equity ratio was 81.6%, down from 83.0% at the previous fiscal year-end.
Financial Results
Net sales for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021 increased 9.2% year on year, to ¥69,044 million. Accounting for the majority of net sales, the segment sales of the Kissei Group’s core pharmaceu- tical business were up 9.9%, to ¥56,407 million. Although the pro- longed effects of COVID-19 have restricted efforts to provide drug information, net sales increased for products including Beova®, a treatment for overactive bladder, Darbepoetin Alfa BS Injection [JCR], a treatment for renal anemia, and P-TOL® Chewable Tablets and P-TOL® Granules, treatments for hyperphosphatemia. Segment sales were also boosted after distribution operations were transferred to Kissei in April 2020 for MINIRIN MELT® OD Tablets 25μg and 50μg, a treatment for nocturia due to nocturnal polyuria in males; MINIRIN MELT® OD Tablets 60μg, 120μg, and 240μg and DESMOPRESSIN formulations, treatments for nocturnal enuresis and central diabetes insipidus; and MARIZEV® Tablets, a treatment for type 2 diabetes.
Net sales for information services increased 28.0% year on year, to ¥8,489 million, net sales for construction decreased 2.0% year on year, to ¥3,538 million, and net sales for merchandising fell 63.8% year on year, to ¥609 million. Despite this increase in net
sales and a decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses, operating income decreased due to a higher cost of sales ratio. However, ordinary income and profit attributable to owners of parent increased. Gain on valuation of securities is recorded as non-operating income, and gain on sales of invest- ment securities is recorded as extraordinary income.
The cost of sales ratio was up 7.8 percentage points. As a result, gross profit decreased ¥2,182 million, or 6.3% year on year, to ¥32,722 million.
Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased over- all, including R&D expenses, due to the effects of COVID-19. However, operating income decreased ¥352 million, or 19.0%, to ¥1,505 million, due to a decrease in gross profit.
In non-operating income or loss, income expanded ¥1,399 mil- lion year or year, due to recording a gain on valuation of securities. Consequently, ordinary income increased 43.1% year on year, or ¥1,047 million, to ¥3,476 million.
Extraordinary income or loss rose ¥1,798 million due to an increased gain on sales of investment securities.
As a result of the above, profit before income taxes and non- controlling interests was up ¥2,845 million, or 61.5% year on year, to ¥7,476 million, and profit attributable to owners of parent increased ¥2,467 million, or 87.6% year on year, to ¥5,285 million.
Basic Policy on the Distribution of Profits / Dividends
Kissei aims to secure a solid management base while providing stable, consistent returns to shareholders through cash dividends. Kissei’s basic dividend policy is to make twice-yearly dividend
payments, comprising interim and year-end cash dividends. The Board of Directors decides the amount of the interim cash divi- dend, while the General Meeting of Shareholders decides the amount of the year-end cash dividend. Also, Kissei’s articles of incorporation stipulate that a resolution of the Board of Directors enables the payment of interim cash dividends with a date of record of September 30 each year.
In the fiscal year under review, the Group made the decision to pay an interim cash dividend of ¥27.0 per share and a year-end cash dividend of ¥27.0 per share, giving a full-year cash dividend of ¥54.0 per share.
For the coming fiscal year, the Group plans to pay an interim cash dividend of ¥28.0 per share and a year-end cash dividend of ¥28.0 per share, giving a full-year cash dividend of ¥56.0 per share.
Internal funds are maintained to respond to expected changes in government policy, system reforms, and the challenges of increasing globalization. At the same time, Kissei will actively invest in R&D to develop drugs that patients need. Kissei believes this policy will not only contribute to future profits but also enable Kissei to distribute profits to its shareholders appropriately.
       KISSEI Annual Report 2021 44
45 Annual Report 2021 KISSEI
Introduction Value Creation Strategy Corporate Governance CSR Financial Data

Consolidated Balance Sheet
Kissei Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., and its subsidiaries At March 31, 2020 and 2021
Assets
Current Assets:
Cash on hand and in banks (Notes 04 and 05) Notes and accounts receivable (Note 05) Marketable securities (Notes 04, 05 and 06) Inventories (Note 07)
Other current assets Total current assets
Property, Plant and Equipment:
Buildings and structures (Note 12) Less: accumulated depreciation Buildings and structures, net Land (Note 12)
Construction in progress
Other
Less: accumulated depreciation Other, net
Total property, plant and equipment
Intangible Assets:
Software for internal use Other
Total intangible assets
Investments and Other Assets:
Investment securities (Notes 05 and 06) Long-term loans receivable
Long-term prepaid expenses
Deferred tax assets (Note 09)
Other
Allowance for doubtful accounts
Total investments and other assets
Total assets
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.
Consolidated Balance Sheet
2020
2021
Liabilities and Net Assets Current Liabilities:
Notes and accounts payable
Short-term bank loans (Note 08)
Current portion of long-term debt (Note 08)
Income taxes payable
Accrued bonuses to employees
Accrued bonuses to directors and corporate auditors Reserve for sales returns
Reserve for sales rebates
Reserve for sales promotion expenses
Other current liabilities
Total current liabilities
Long-Term Liabilities:
Long-term debt (Note 08)
Deferred tax liabilities (Note 09)
Net defined benefit liability (Note 10)
Accrued retirement benefits to directors and corporate auditors Asset retirement obligations
Other long-term liabilities
Total long-term liabilities Total liabilities
Net Assets:
Shareholders’ equity: Common stock:
Authorized: 227,000,000 shares
Issued: 51,811,185 shares
Additional paid-in capital
Retained earnings
Treasury stock (5,095,024 shares and 5,695,246 shares at March 31, 2020 and 2021, respectively)
Total shareholders’ equity Accumulated other comprehensive income:
Unrealized holding gains on securities Retirement benefits liability adjustments
Total accumulated other comprehensive income Non-controlling interests
Total net assets
Total liabilities and net assets
2020
2021
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 03)
2021
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 03)
2021
         ¥ 20,456
$ 184,288
23,058
207,730
23,998
216,198
20,119
181,252
5,332
48,036
92,965
837,523
 ¥ 7,909
$ 71,252
1,730
15,586
13
117
1,487
13,396
1,816
16,360
14
126
6
54
320
2,883
149
1,342
4,796
43,207
18,245
164,369
¥
36,329 19,462 23,342 13,439
4,103 96,677
38,746 (29,347) 9,398 12,622
1 16,601
(14,018) 2,582 24,605
975
536 1,511
105,158 36 2,103 677 1,060
(36) 108,999
¥
5,237 1,730 16 196 1,858 8 6 273 163 7,532 17,024
13 17,191 3,572 175 117 729 21,800 38,824
24,356
24,226 106,461
(11,608) 143,435
50,706 (1,676) 49,029
                                         38,855
350,045
(29,991)
(270,189)
8,863
79,847
12,622
113,712
98
883
16,820
151,532
(14,114)
(127,153)
2,705
24,369
24,290
218,829
                    —
—
28,480
256,577
1,234
11,117
164
1,477
121
1,090
660
5,946
30,662
276,234
48,907
440,604
                               1,175
10,586
465
4,189
1,640
14,775
                  138,133
1,244,441
14
126
10,262
92,450
585
5,270
1,002
9,027
(34)
(306)
149,964
1,351,027
   24,356
219,423
24,226
218,252
109,270
984,414
(12,911)
(116,315)
144,941
1,305,775
                               74,351
669,829
22
198
74,373
670,027
638
5,748
219,953
1,981,559
¥268,861
$2,422,171
     ¥268,861
$2,422,171
 ¥231,794
504 192,970 ¥231,794
   KISSEI Annual Report 2021 46
47
Annual Report 2021 KISSEI
Introduction Value Creation Strategy Corporate Governance CSR Financial Data

Consolidated Statement of Income and Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
Kissei Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., and its subsidiaries For the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2021
Consolidated Statement of Income
Net Sales Cost of Sales
Gross profit
Selling, General and Administrative Expenses (Note 15) Operating income
Other Income (Expenses):
Interest and dividend income
Interest expense
Gain on sales of investment securities
Gain on sales and loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment, net Gain (loss) on valuation of securities
Loss on valuation of investment securities
Foreign exchange gain (loss)
Other, net
Total other income
Profit before income taxes and non-controlling interests Income Taxes (Note 09):
Current Deferred
Profit
Profit Attributable to Non-Controlling Interests Profit Attributable to Owners of Parent (Note 16)
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
Profit
Other Comprehensive Income:
Unrealized holding gains on securities Retirement benefits liability adjustments Total other comprehensive income (Note 11)
Comprehensive Income
Comprehensive income attributable to: Owners of parent
Non-controlling interests
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Net Assets
Millions of yen
2020 ¥63,234
28,329 34,905
33,048 1,857
1,227 (23)
2,236 (35) (803)
—
51 119 2,773 4,630
390 1,351 1,741 2,888 71 2,817
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 03)
2021
Kissei Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., and its subsidiaries For the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2021
Balance at April 1, 2019
Profit attributable to owners of parent for the year
Cash dividends paid
Treasury stock purchased (270 shares)
Disposal of treasury stock (52 shares)
Net changes in items other than those in shareholders’ equity
Balance at March 31, 2020
Profit attributable to owners of parent for the year
Cash dividends paid
Treasury stock purchased (600,296 shares)
Disposal of treasury stock (74 shares)
Net changes in items other than those in shareholders’ equity
Balance at March 31, 2021
Balance at April 1, 2020
Profit attributable to owners of parent for the year
Cash dividends paid
Treasury stock purchased (600,296 shares)
Disposal of treasury stock (74 shares)
Net changes in items other than those in shareholders’ equity
Balance at March 31, 2021
Shareholders’ equity
Additional
paid-in Retained capital earnings
¥24,226 ¥106,026
Millions of yen
Accumulated other comprehensive income
2021
Unrealized holding Treasury gains on
stock securities ¥(11,607) ¥40,326
Retirement benefits
liability Non-controlling adjustments interests
¥(1,065) ¥444
— — — — — — — —
(611) 60 ¥(1,676) ¥504
  ¥69,044
$622,018
Number of shares of common stock
51,811,185
— — — —
— 51,811,185
Common stock
¥24,356
— — — —
— ¥24,356
— — — —
Total net assets
¥182,707
2,817 (2,382) (0)
0
9,828 ¥192,970
       36,322
327,225
32,722
294,793
  — 2,817
— (2,382)
— — (0) —
          31,217
281,234
1,505
13,559
          0 —0—
   1,273
11,468
(23)
(207)
4,084
36,793
(10)
(90)
720
6,486
(77)
(694)
(130)
(1,171)
134
1,207
5,971
53,793
7,476
67,351
      — — ¥24,226 ¥106,461
— 10,379 ¥(11,608) ¥50,706
        —
—
—
5,285
—
—
—
—
5,285
 —
—
—
(2,475)
—
—
—
—
(2,475)
 —
—
—
—
(1,303)
—
—
—
(1,303)
 —
 —
(0)
—
0
—
—
—
0
—
—
—
—
—
23,645
1,699
133
25,477
51,811,185
¥24,356
¥24,226
¥109,270
¥(12,911)
¥74,351
¥ 22
¥638
¥219,953
                              1,510
13,604
587
5,288
2,098
18,901
5,378
48,450
93
838
¥ 5,285
$ 47,613
         Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 03)
    ¥
Shareholders’ equity
Accumulated other comprehensive income
 Number of shares of common stock
Common stock
Additional paid-in capital
Retained earnings
Treasury stock
Unrealized holding gains on securities
Retirement benefits
liability Non-controlling adjustments interests
Total net assets
 51,811,185
$219,423
$218,252
$959,108
$(104,577)
$456,811
$(15,099)
$4,541
$1,738,468
—
—
—
47,613
—
—
—
—
47,613
 —
 —
—
(22,297)
—
—
—
—
(22,297)
—
—
—
—
(11,739)
—
—
—
(11,739)
 —
 —
(0)
—
0
—
—
—
0
—
—
—
—
—
213,018
15,306
1,198
229,523
51,811,185
$219,423
$218,252
$984,414
$(116,315)
$669,829
$ 198
$5,748
$1,981,559
 Millions of yen 2020
¥ 2,888
10,379 (622)
9,757 ¥12,646
¥12,585 60
2021
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 03)
2021
      ¥ 5,378
$ 48,450
          23,652
213,081
1,732
15,604
25,384
228,685
¥30,762
$277,135
        The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.
    ¥30,629
$275,937
133
1,198
      KISSEI Annual Report 2021
48
49
Annual Report 2021 KISSEI
Introduction Value Creation Strategy Corporate Governance CSR Financial Data

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
Kissei Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., and its subsidiaries For the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2021
Cash Flows from Operating Activities:
Profitbeforeincometaxesandnon-controllinginterests Depreciation and amortization
Increase (decrease) in allowance reserves
Increase (decrease) in net defined benefit liability Interest and dividend income
Interest expense
Foreign exchange (gain) loss
(Gain) loss on sales of securities
(Gain) loss on valuation of securities
(Gain) loss on sales of property, plant and equipment (Gain) loss on sales of investment securities
(Gain) loss on valuation of investment securities
Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment (Increase) decrease in notes and accounts receivable (Increase) decrease in inventories
(Increase) decrease in other current assets
Increase (decrease) in notes and accounts payable Increase (decrease) in other current liabilities Increase (decrease) in other long-term liabilities Other
Subtotal
Receipt of interest and dividends Payment of interest
Payment of income taxes
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities
Cash Flows from Investing Activities:
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 03)
2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Kissei Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., and its subsidiaries
Note 01 Basis of Presenting the Consolidated Financial Statements
 2020
2021
The accompanying consolidated financial statements of Kissei Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., (the Company) and its subsidiaries (the Companies) are prepared on the basis of accounting principles generally accepted in Japan, which are different in certain respects as to application and disclosure
Note 02 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (1) Scope of Consolidation
The Company had five subsidiaries in the year ended March 31, 2021, of which three were consolidated subsidiaries. Those subsidiaries are listed below:
requirements of International Financial Reporting Standards, and are com- piled from the consolidated financial statements prepared by the Company as required by the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan.
(ii) Intangible assets (excluding lease assets)
Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method.
Software costs for internal use are amortized over their expected useful lives (mainly five years) on a straight-line basis.
(iii) Lease assets (pertaining to lease transactions not involving the trans-
fer of ownership)
Lease assets (mainly IT equipment) are depreciated by the straight-line method with the respective lease period and the residual value being zero.
(iv) Long-term prepaid expenses
Long-term expenses are amortized in equal amounts over a period of time.
(7) Accounting for Consumption Tax
Consumption tax is imposed at the flat rate of 10% on all domestic con- sumption of goods and services (with certain exemptions).
Consumption tax withheld upon sale and consumption tax paid by the Companies on their purchases of goods and services are not included in the respective revenue and cost or expenses in the accompanying consolidated statement of income.
(8) Foreign Currency Translation
Receivables and payables denominated in foreign currencies are trans- lated into yen at the rates of exchange in effect at the balance sheet date, and differences arising from the translation are included in the consoli- dated statement of income.
Investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the historical exchange rates prevailing at the time such transactions were made.
(9) Income Taxes
Income taxes of the Companies consist of corporate income tax, local inhabitants taxes, and enterprise tax.
The asset and liability approach is used to recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts and the basis of assets and liabilities.
(10) Allowances, Accrued Bonuses to Employees, and Reserves for Certain Expenses
(i) Allowance for doubtful accounts
The Companies provide an “Allowance for doubtful accounts” based on the percentage of their historical bad debt loss incurred against the bal- ance of total receivables in addition to the amount of uncollectible receivables estimated on an individual basis.
(ii) Accrued bonuses to employees
“Accrued bonuses to employees” is provided for based on estimated amounts that the Companies should pay to employees for their services rendered during the six-month period ended on the balance sheet date. (iii) Accrued bonuses to directors and corporate auditors
“Accrued bonuses to directors and corporate auditors” is provided for based on estimated payments for their performance during the year ended March 31.
     ¥ 7,476
$ 67,351
3,148
28,360
(12)
(108)
155
1,396
(1,273)
(11,468)
23
207
(0)
(0)
(0)
(0)
(720)
(6,486)
(0)
(0)
(4,084)
(36,793)
77
694
10
90
(3,595)
(32,387)
(6,679)
(60,171)
(509)
(4,586)
2,671
24,063
279
2,514
4
36
6
54
(3,024)
(27,243)
1,157
10,423
(23)
(207)
(652)
(5,874)
(2,542)
(22,901)
¥ 4,630 2,562
(140) (73) (1,227)
23 0 — 803
(27) (2,236)
—
62 7,500 525 599 890
(5) 0 8
13,896 1,110
(23) (1,048)
13,934
Name of subsidiaries
Kissei Shoji Co., Ltd. Kissei Comtec Co., Ltd. Hashiba Technos Co., Ltd.
% of voting rights owned
Paid-in capital, millions of yen
                              100%
¥ 50
83%
¥334
100%
¥ 45
                                                 78
703
(78)
(703)
98
883
(931)
(8,387)
3
27
(554)
(4,991)
(3,761)
(33,883)
4,551
41,000
(5)
(45)
37
333
(8,822)
(79,477)
54
486
(9,329)
(84,045)
Time deposits received
Time deposits paid
Reduction of investments in specified trusts
Acquisition of property, plant and equipment
Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment
Acquisition of intangible assets
Acquisition of investment securities
Proceeds from sales of investment securities
Payments for loans
Collection of loans
Long-term advance payment costs
Other (30)
The fiscal year-end for consolidated subsidiaries is the same date as the consolidated fiscal year-end for the Company.
(2) Consolidation and Elimination
In preparing the accompanying consolidated financial statements, all significant intercompany transactions, account balances, and unrealized profits between the Companies have been eliminated, and the portion thereof attributable to non-controlling interests is charged to non- controlling interests.
(3) Investments in Unconsolidated Subsidiaries
Investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries (Kissei America, Inc., and PROS Co., Ltd.) are carried at cost, as there would be no significant effect in the consolidated statements of income if they were consolidated and/ or accounted for by the equity method.
(4) Valuation of Securities
Held-to-maturity debt securities are carried at amortized cost. Marketable securities classified as other securities are carried at fair value as of the balance sheet date with changes in unrealized holding gain or loss, net of the applicable income taxes, included directly in net assets. The cost of securities sold is determined by the moving average
method.
Non-marketable securities classified as other securities are stated at
cost, determined by the moving average method.
Short-term investments in specified trusts are stated at fair value.
(5) Inventory Valuation
Inventories are primarily valued at cost using the gross average method (the amount on the balance sheet is reduced to reflect decreased profitability).
(6) Method of Depreciation of Significant Depreciable Assets
(i) Property, plant and equipment (excluding lease assets)
Depreciation for the Company is primarily calculated using the straight- line method, whereas the declining balance method is primarily used at consolidated subsidiaries. However, depreciation for buildings acquired on or after April 1, 1998 (excluding facilities attached to buildings) and for both facilities attached to buildings and other non-building structures acquired on or after April 1, 2016 is computed using the straight-line method. The range of useful life for buildings and structures is principally from three to 50 years.
                                  Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
Cash Flows from Financing Activities:
Repayment of long-term debt Repayment of finance lease obligation Cash dividends paid
Treasury stock purchased
Proceeds from sale of treasury stock
Net cash used in financing activities
Effect of Exchange Rate Changes on Cash and Cash Equivalents Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning of Year (Note 04)
Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Year (Note 04)
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.
76 (75) 97
(879) 70 (423)
(689) 2,755
(76) 168 (503)
490
(1,934) (101) (2,382) (0)
0 (4,419) (0)
10,004
49,315 ¥59,319
    (16)
(144)
(204)
(1,838)
(2,475)
(22,297)
(1,303)
(11,739)
0
0
(4,000)
(36,036)
0
0
(15,872)
(142,991)
59,319
534,405
¥43,447
$391,414
                    KISSEI Annual Report 2021
50
51
Annual Report 2021 KISSEI
Introduction Value Creation Strategy Corporate Governance CSR Financial Data

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(iv) Reserve for sales returns
“Reserve for sales returns” is estimated based on the percentage of the Companies’ own actual return history against sales.
(v) Reserve for sales rebates
“Reserve for sales rebates” is provided for in an amount equivalent to the expected amount payable by the Companies to dealers in respect of the balance of accounts receivable at the balance sheet date based on current applicable rebate rates.
(vi) Reserve for sales promotion expenses
“Reserve for sales promotion expenses” is provided for in an amount equivalent to the expected amount payable by the Companies to dealers in respect of products held by dealers at the balance sheet date based on current applicable rates.
(vii) Accrued retirement benefits to directors and corporate auditors “Accrued retirement benefits to directors and corporate auditors” are provided at the expected amount payable at the balance sheet date in accordance with the Companies’ internal regulations.
(11) Accounting Method for Retirement Benefits
(i) Allocation of expected benefit payments
When calculating the retirement benefit obligation, the benefit formula method is used to allocate expected benefit payments to the period.
(ii) Actuarial differences and prior service cost
Prior service cost is amortized through the straight-line method over a term that does not exceed the average remaining service period of employees who are expected to receive benefits under the plans (10 years).
Net actuarial gains or losses are amortized from the following year through the straight-line method over a term that does not exceed the average remaining service period of employees who are expected to receive benefits under the plans (10 years).
(iii) Accounting treatment for unrecognized actuarial gains and losses and unrecognized prior service cost
Unrecognized actuarial gains and losses and unrecognized prior service cost are adjusted for tax effects and then recorded in retirement benefits liability adjustments under accumulated other comprehensive income in the net assets portion of the consolidated balance sheets.
(12) Recognizing Revenues and Costs of Construction Contracts
Revenues and costs of construction contracts for which contract reve- nues, contract costs, and the percentage of completion can be reliably estimated are recognized by the percentage-of-completion method. The percentage of completion is calculated at the cost incurred as a per- centage of the estimated total cost. The completed-contract method continues to be applied for construction contracts for which the percent- age of completion cannot be reliably estimated.
(13) Profit and Dividends per Share
Profit attributable to owners of parent per share is based upon the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during each fiscal year.
Cash dividends per share shown for each year in the accompanying consolidated statements of changes in net assets represent dividends approved or declared as applicable to the respective years.
(14) Research and Development Expenses
Research and development expenses are recognized as an expense when incurred in accordance with Japanese accounting standards.
(15) Change in Presentation
Changes in accordance with “Accounting Standard for Disclosure of Accounting Estimates”
The Companies have adopted “Accounting Standard for Disclosure of Accounting Estimates” (ASBJ Statement, No. 31, issued March 31, 2020) beginning from the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021; therefore, the notes to the consolidated financial statements include disclosures regarding accounting estimates.
However, the notes do not include accounting estimates for the pre- vious fiscal year, in accordance with the transitional method prescribed in paragraph 11 of the aforementioned accounting standard.
(16) Significant Accounting Estimates
(i) Significant accounting estimates Recoverability of deferred tax assets
Amount recorded in the consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year
Deferred tax assets net (- million yen)
(Deferred tax assets before offsetting deferred tax liabilities were ¥4,649 million)
(ii) Other Information That Contributes to the Understanding of Financial Statements
1. Calculation method
In accordance with “Implementation Guidance on Recoverability of Deferred Tax Assets” (ASBJ Guidance, No. 26, issued March 28, 2016), deductible temporary differences that are judged to be recoverable are recorded as deferred tax assets. Recoverability is determined according to future profitability based on the medium-term management plan approved by the Board of Directors, and the future taxable income based on tax planning.
2. Key assumptions
Key assumptions for estimating taxable income related to the medium- term management plan are the revision rate of National Health Insurance (“NHI”) on drug sales, the timing of the launch of new products, and the gains on sales of investment securities. The revision rate of NHI drug prices is estimated in consideration of past revisions and trends in phar- maceutical administration. The timing of the launch of new products includes estimations for drug prices as well as an estimated timeline that incorporates the progress of clinical trials, past performance, and cases from other companies and projections are made for submitting applica- tions for approval, approval acquisition, and release. Regarding gains on sales of investment securities, the Company makes estimates based on the amount of unrealized gains on investment securities expected to be sold as of the end of the fiscal year under review. In making accounting estimates, the Company incorporates the expectation that the economic impact of COVID-19 will continue for a certain period during the next fiscal year. However, the Company believes the effect on key assumptions is immaterial.
3. Impact on consolidated financial statements for the following fiscal
year
Expected the gains on sales of investment securities under the medium- term management plan have a significant impact on estimations for taxable income; therefore, the inability to sell stock intended for sale may trigger a reversal of deferred tax assets.
(17) Changes in Accounting Policies That Are Difficult to Distinguish from Changes in Accounting Estimates
Previously, depreciation of property, plant and equipment (excluding lease assets) was computed using the declining balance method, except for buildings acquired on or after April 1, 1998 (excluding facilities attached to buildings) and the straight-line method was used for both facilities attached to buildings and other non-building structures acquired on or after April 1, 2016. However, the straight-line method was adopted as the depreciation method for all plant, property and equipment beginning from the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021.
Under the medium-term management plan PEGASUS, which is being implemented from the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021 to the fiscal year ending March 31, 2025, the pharmaceutical business operated by the Company plans to enhance its product portfolio through the steady launch of late-stage development themes and product in-licensing, while also stabilizing the outsourced manufacturing of drugs, with a focus on authorized generics. This has caused major changes to the types of items in production and operating conditions at production headquarters. Similarly, the Research Division as a whole is experiencing major changes in the nature of its activities due to its focus on drug dis- covery research on small molecules and its work to optimize and regularly review its pipeline to ensure the continuous launch of new drugs. These initiatives have improved the quality of the pipeline while clarifying drug discovery themes in each research department.
These changes, brought on by the medium-term management plan, have been taken as an opportunity to confirm the operational status of production and research equipment, and it is expected that production and research equipment will continue to operate stably over its useful life. Therefore, it was determined that adopting the straight-line method for computing depreciation of property, plant and equipment (excluding leased assets) will more appropriately reflect actual usage and make cal- culations of profit or loss for the fiscal year more rational.
As a result of this decision, depreciation and amortization for the fiscal year under review decreased ¥165 million and operating income, ordinary income, and profit before income taxes and non-controlling interests each increased ¥165 million yen compared with the previous method.
Note 03 United States Dollar Amounts
The accompanying consolidated financial statements are expressed in yen, and, solely for the convenience of the reader, have been translated into U.S. dollars at the rate of ¥111=U.S.$1, the approximate rate of
Note 04 Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at March 31, 2020 and 2021 are as follows:
Cash on hand and in banks
Marketable securities
Time deposits with original maturities of over three months Claims with redemption period exceeding three months, etc. Cash and cash equivalents
(18) Accounting Standards Issued but Not Yet Effective
“Accounting Standard and Implementation Guidance on Revenue Recognition”
The ASBJ issued “Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition” (ASBJ Statement No. 29) on March 31, 2020 and “Implementation Guidance on Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition” (ASBJ Guidance No. 30) on March 26, 2021.
(i) Overview
This is a comprehensive accounting standard for revenue recognition. Specifically, the accounting standard establishes the following five-step model that will apply to revenue from customers:
1. Identify the contract(s) with a customer
2. Identify the performance obligations in the contract
3. Determine the transaction price
4. Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the
contract
5. Recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance
obligation
(ii) Scheduled date of adoption
The Companies expect to adopt the accounting standard and imple- mentation guidance from the beginning of the fiscal year ending March 31, 2022.
(iii) Impact of the adoption of accounting standard and implementation
guidance
The Companies are currently evaluating the effect of the adoption of this accounting standard and implementation guidance on its consolidated financial statements.
 exchange prevailing at March 31, 2021. This translation should not be construed as a representation that all amounts shown could be con- verted into U.S. dollars at such a rate.
 2020 ¥36,329
23,342 (48) (302)
¥59,319
Millions of yen
2021
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2021
  ¥20,456
$184,288
23,998
216,198
(48)
(432)
(959)
(8,640)
¥43,447
$391,414
           KISSEI Annual Report 2021
52
53
Annual Report 2021 KISSEI
Introduction Value Creation Strategy Corporate Governance CSR Financial Data

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 05 Financial Instruments
Overview
(1) Policy for financial instruments
The Companies manage temporary cash surpluses through low-risk financial assets. Further, the Companies raise short-term capital through bank borrowings. The Companies use derivatives for the purpose of avoiding the risks stated below and do not engage in transactions for speculative purposes.
(2) Types of financial instruments and related risk
Trade receivables—notes and accounts receivable—are exposed to credit risk in relation to customers. In accordance with the internal poli- cies for managing credit risk of the Companies arising from receivables, each related division monitors the credit worthiness of their main cus- tomers periodically, and monitors due dates and outstanding balances
Estimated Fair Value of Financial Instruments
by individual customer. Marketable securities and investment securities are exposed to market risk; however, they are managed in accordance with securities management regulations and the general manager of the Corporate Finance & Management Department reports the status of these holdings to the Board of Directors on a regular basis.
(3) Supplementary explanation of the estimated fair value of financial instruments
The fair value of financial instruments is based on their quoted market price, if available. When there is no quoted market price available, fair value is reasonably estimated. Since various assumptions and factors are reflected in estimating the fair value, different assumptions and factors could result in a different fair value.
Because no quoted market price is available and it is extremely difficult to determine the fair value, the above financial instruments are not included in “Marketable securities and investment securities.”
*3: Redemption schedules for receivables and marketable securities with maturities at March 31, 2020 and 2021 are as follows:
 As of March 31, 2020
Assets:
Cash on hand and in banks
Notes and accounts receivable
Marketable securities and investment securities Total
As of March 31, 2021
Assets:
Cash on hand and in banks
Notes and accounts receivable
Marketable securities and investment securities Total
As of March 31, 2021
Assets:
Cash on hand and in banks
Notes and accounts receivable
Marketable securities and investment securities Total
Note 06 Securities Trading Securities
Due after one to five years
¥ — — 1,954 ¥79,139 ¥1,954
Due after five to ten years
¥— — 2,261 ¥2,261
Due after ten years
¥— — 1,000 ¥1,000
Due after ten years
Due after ten years
Due in one year or less
Due in year or less
Due in year or less
Millions of yen
    ¥36,329 19,462 23,348
        one
one
Due after one year through five years
Due after five years through ten years
Millions of yen
    ¥20,456
¥—
¥—
¥—
 23,058
 —
—
—
23,796
2,171
1,764
1,000
¥67,311
¥2,171
¥1,764
¥1,000
     Carrying value of financial instruments on the consolidated balance sheets as of March 31, 2020 and 2021 and unrealized gains (losses) are shown in the following tables. The following does not include financial instruments for which it is extremely difficult to determine the fair value. (Please refer to *2 in the following.)
Thousands of U.S. dollars
  Carrying value
Cash on hand and in banks
Notes and accounts receivable
Marketable securities and investment securities
Total ¥178,872
Millions of yen
Estimated fair value
¥ 36,329 19,462 123,081 ¥178,872 ¥—
Millions of yen
Estimated fair value
Thousands of U.S. dollars
Estimated fair value
Unrealized gains (losses)
¥— — — ¥— ¥—
Unrealized gains (losses)
Unrealized gains (losses)
Due after one year through five years
Due after five years through ten years
 As of March 31, 2020
Assets:
   $184,288
$—
$—
$—
 207,730
 —
—
—
214,378
19,559
15,892
9,009
$606,405
$19,559
$15,892
$9,009
       ¥ 36,329 19,462 123,081
            Derivatives
As of March 31, 2021
Assets:
Cash on hand and in banks
Notes and accounts receivable
Marketable securities and investment securities Total
Derivatives
As of March 31, 2021
Assets:
Cash on hand and in banks
Notes and accounts receivable
Marketable securities and investment securities Total
Derivatives
¥ —
Carrying value
Carrying value
Unrealized gains for trading securities for the year ended March 31, 2021 amounted to ¥720 million ($6,486 thousand) and unrealized losses for trading securities for the year ended March 31, 2020 came to ¥803 million.
Other Securities
The acquisition cost, carrying amount, and gross unrealized holding gains and losses for securities with fair value by security type at March 31, 2020 and 2021 are as follows:
      ¥ 20,456
¥ 20,456
¥—
 23,058
 23,058
—
156,655
156,655
—
¥200,170
¥200,170
¥—
¥—
¥—
¥—
       Millions of yen 2020
  Equity securities Corporate debt securities Other
Total
Equity securities Corporate debt securities Other
Total
Equity securities Corporate debt securities Other
Total
Acquisition cost ¥17,738 1,550 30,896 ¥50,185
Acquisition cost
Acquisition cost
Carrying amount ¥ 90,756 1,519 30,805 ¥123,081
Gross unrealized holding gains
¥73,824 2 360 ¥74,187
Gross unrealized holding losses
¥ 806 32 452 ¥1,291
Gross unrealized holding losses
Gross unrealized holding losses
          $ 184,288
$ 184,288
$—
 207,730
 207,730
—
1,411,306
1,411,306
—
$1,803,333
$1,803,333
$—
$—
$—
$—
       Millions of yen
2021
Carrying amount
 Gross unrealized holding gains
  ¥17,540
¥122,532
¥105,595
¥603
 1,750
 1,759
12
2
30,845
32,362
1623
107
¥50,136
¥156,655
¥107,231
¥712
  *1: Methods to determine the estimated fair value of financial instruments and other matters related to securities and derivative transactions Cash on hand and in banks and notes and accounts receivable
Since these items are settled in a short period of time, their carrying value approximates fair value. Marketable securities and investment securities
The fair value of stocks is based on quoted market prices. For information on securities classified by holding purpose, please refer to
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2021
Carrying amount
      Note 06 Securities.
*2: Financial instruments for which it is extremely difficult to determine the fair value are as follows:
Gross unrealized holding gains
 $158,018
$1,103,892
$951,306
$5,432
 15,766
 15,847
108
18
277,883
291,550
14,622
964
$451,676
$1,411,306
$966,045
$6,414
 Millions of yen
2020 ¥4,529
— 889
2021
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2021
      ¥4,587
$41,324
—
—
889
8,009
Unlisted stocks
Investments in partnerships
Investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries
Unlisted stocks are not included in the preceding tables because there were no quoted market prices available and it is extremely difficult to deter- mine the fair value.
         KISSEI Annual Report 2021
54
55 Annual Report 2021 KISSEI
Introduction Value Creation Strategy Corporate Governance CSR Financial Data

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Sales proceeds of securities classified as other securities and the gross realized gains and losses for the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2021 are as follows:
Note 09 Income Taxes
Deferred tax assets and liabilities at March 31, 2020 and 2021 are as follows:
Deferred Tax Assets:
Prepaid research and development expenses Net defined benefit liability
Inventory assets
Accrued bonuses to employees
Write-down of securities
Payment of retirement benefits to directors and corporate auditors Impairment loss
Reserve for sales rebates
Accrued enterprise tax
Other
Total gross deferred tax assets
Valuation allowance
Total deferred tax assets
Deferred Tax Liabilities:
Unrealized holding gains on securities Other
Total deferred tax liabilities
Deferred tax assets (liabilities), net
 Millions of yen
2020 ¥2,731
2,236 —
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2021
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2021
Repayment period
— — — —
April 2022– February 2027 —
Millions of yen
2020 2021
¥ 2,596 1,588 661 566 440 161 149 83 68 818 7,136
(1,390) ¥ 5,746
¥(22,123) (136) (22,260) ¥(16,514)
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2021
  ¥4,483
$40,387
4,119
37,108
34
306
Sales proceeds Gross realized gains Gross realized losses
Note 07 Inventories
Inventories at March 31, 2020 and 2021 are as follows:
Merchandise Finished goods Work-in-process Raw materials Supplies
Total
Note 08
Classification
Short-term loans*1
Current portion of long-term debt*2 Current portion of lease obligations Long-term debt (excluding current portion)
2020
¥ 2,880
2,712 1,956 5,797
93 ¥13,439
Balance at end of fiscal year (Thousands of U.S. dollars)
$15,586 117 1,180 —
2,739 $19,640
2021
2021
Average interest rate (%)
1.08 0.28 — —
— —
        ¥ 2,921
$ 26,315
766
6,901
346
3,117
554
4,991
463
4,171
158
1,423
148
1,333
97
874
137
1,234
831
7,486
6,426
57,892
(1,776)
(16,000)
¥ 4,649
$ 41,883
                            ¥ 6,417
$ 57,811
3,601
32,441
1,510
13,604
8,247
74,297
342
3,081
¥20,119
$181,252
                             ¥(32,153)
$(289,667)
(390)
(3,514)
(32,544)
(293,189)
¥(27,894)
$(251,297)
Summary of Loans and Debt
      Balance at beginning of fiscal year (Millions of yen)
¥1,730 16 136 13
Balance at end of fiscal year (Millions of yen)
¥1,730 13 131 —
304 ¥2,180
Note: The net amount of tax liabilities carried forward in the previous consolidated fiscal year and the fiscal year under review include the following items recorded on the consolidated balance sheet.
     Millions of yen
Reconciliation of the effective statutory tax rate and the actual tax rate for the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2021 is as follows:
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2021
2021
30.5%
   2020 2021 ¥ 677
     ¥ 585
$ 5,270
(28,480)
(256,577)
      373 Total ¥2,269
Non-current assets—deferred tax assets
Non-current liabilities—deferred tax liabilities (17,191)
Lease obligations (excluding current portion)
   *1. Figures under average interest rate refer to the weighted-average interest rate applied to the balance at the end of the fiscal year.
*2. Average interest rate for lease obligations is not stated because lease obligations appear in the consolidated balance sheets as total amounts before deductions of interest equivalents
2020 30.5%
1.1 (1.8) (1.4) 1.8 7.1 0.3 37.6%
included in lease payments.
Classification
Lease obligations
Classification
Lease obligations
Over one year, within two years (Millions of yen)
¥108
Over one year, within two years (Thousands of U.S. dollars)
$973
Over two years, within three years (Millions of yen)
¥73
Over two years, within three years (Thousands of U.S. dollars)
$658
Over three years, within four years (Millions of yen)
¥63
Over three years, within four years (Thousands of U.S. dollars)
$568
Over four years, within five years (Millions of yen)
¥42
Over four years, within five years (Thousands of U.S. dollars)
$378
Effective statutory tax rate Adjustments:
Entertainment expenses and other non-deductibles Dividend income not taxable
Tax benefits due to research and development expenses Per capital levy of local inhabitants taxes
Valuation allowance
Other
Actual tax rate
        0.2
(1.1)
(7.3)
1.1
5.2
(0.5)
28.1%
                     KISSEI Annual Report 2021
56
57
Annual Report 2021 KISSEI
Introduction Value Creation Strategy Corporate Governance CSR Financial Data

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 10 Funded Defined Benefit Plans
General Outline of Retirement Benefit Plans Implemented
The Companies offer cash balance plans to their employees as their defined benefit corporate plans. In certain cases, the Companies pay additional retire- ment benefits for employees that are not included in the retirement benefit obligations determined actuarially in accordance with the accounting standard for retirement benefits. In addition, a retirement benefit trust has been established as part of the Company’s defined benefit corporate pension plans.
(vi) The components of retirement benefit liability adjustment included in accumulated other comprehensive income (before tax effect) Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
   ¥(765)
$(6,892)
736
6,631
¥ (28)
$ (252)
Unrecognized prior service cost Unrecognized actuarial gains and losses Total
(vii) Plan assets information
Breakdown of plan assets
Ratio of each component of plan assets to amount of total pension assets
Debt securities
Equity securities
Cash on hand and in banks General accounts
Other
Total
2020 2021 2021 ¥(1,020)
   For the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2021
(i) Reconciliation of defined benefit obligation at beginning and end of period
Defined benefit obligation at beginning of period Service cost
Interest cost
Actuarial gains and losses incurred this period Retirement benefits paid
Defined benefit obligation at end of period
(ii) Reconciliation of balance of plan assets at beginning and end of period
Plan assets at beginning of period
Expected return on plan assets
Actuarial gains and losses incurred this period Employer contribution
Retirement benefits paid
Plan assets at end of period
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2020 2021 2021 ¥22,269
2020 2021 21%
21
2 47 8 100%
3,485 ¥2,464
    ¥22,754
$204,991
891
8,027
52
468
(405)
(3,649)
(805)
(7,252)
¥22,487
$202,586
  21%
29
1
43
6
100%
   880 53 213
(662) ¥22,754
Millions of yen
2020 2021 ¥19,518
487 (864) 702 (662)
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2021
Note: Total pension assets include a retirement benefit trust established as part of the Company’s defined benefit corporate pension plans. The proportion of pension assets in this trust was 8.0% for the year ended March 31, 2020 and 5.7% for the fiscal year under review.
The expected return on assets has been estimated based on the anticipated allocation to each asset class and the expected long-term returns on assets held in each category.
                           ¥19,181
$172,802
479
4,315
1,735
15,631
661
5,955
(805)
(7,252)
¥21,252
$191,459
                ¥19,181
(iii) Reconciliation of defined benefit obligation and plan assets with net defined benefit liability and asset reflected on the consolidated balance sheets
(viii) Assumptions used in accounting for the above plans (discount rate is displayed as a weighted average)
Discount rate
Expected rate of return on plan assets
2020 2021 0.3% 0.5% 2.5% 2.5%
    Millions of yen
2020
¥ 22,754
(19,181) ¥ 3,572
3,572 ¥ 3,572
Millions of yen
2020
¥ 880
53 (487) 437 (255)
62 ¥ 690
2021
2021
2021
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2021
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2021
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2021
Note 11 Other Comprehensive Income
Reconciling items with income tax effect relating to other comprehensive income for the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2021 were as follows:
  ¥ 22,487
$ 202,586
(21,252)
(191,459)
¥ 1,234
$ 11,117
1,234
11,117
¥ 1,234
$ 11,117
Defined benefit obligation for funded plan
Plan assets
Net amount of defined benefit liability and asset on the consolidated balance sheets
Defined benefit liability
Net amount of defined benefit liability and asset on the consolidated balance sheets
(iv) The components of retirement benefit expense
Service cost
Interest cost
Expected return on plan assets Amortization of actuarial gains and losses Amortization of prior service cost
Other
Retirement benefit expense
Millions of yen
2020 2021
¥17,308 (2,236)
15,071 (4,691) 10,379
(1,077) 182
(895) 273 (622)
¥ 9,757
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2021
     Unrealized holding gains on securities: Amount recognized in the year Amount of recycling
Before income tax effect adjustment Amount of income tax effect Unrealized holding gains on securities
Retirement benefits liability adjustments: Amount recognized in the year Amount of recycling
Before income tax effect adjustment Amount of income tax effect Retirement benefits liability adjustments
Totalothercomprehensiveincome
Note 12 Government Grants
     ¥ 37,688
$339,532
(4,004)
(36,072)
33,683
303,450
(10,031)
(90,369)
23,652
213,081
              2,141
19,288
352
3,171
2,493
22,459
(760)
(6,847)
1,732
15,604
¥ 25,384
$228,685
  ¥ 891
$ 8,027
52
468
(479)
(4,315)
607
5,468
(255)
(2,297)
117
1,054
¥ 933
$ 8,405
                            (v) The components of retirement benefit liability adjustment included in other comprehensive income (before tax effect)
For the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2021
Government grants of ¥798 million ($7,189 thousand) for buildings and ¥113 million ($1,018 thousand) for land were deducted in calculating the carrying amounts of these assets.
  ¥ (255)
$ (2,297)
2,748
24,757
¥2,493
$22,459
Prior service cost Actuarial gains and losses Total
Millions of yen
2020 ¥(255)
(640) ¥(895)
     KISSEI Annual Report 2021
58
59 Annual Report 2021 KISSEI
Introduction Value Creation Strategy Corporate Governance CSR Financial Data

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 13 Segment Information (1) Overview of Reportable Segments
The reportable segments of the Companies are components for which discrete financial information is available and whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the Board of Directors to make decisions about resource allocation and to assess their performance.
(4) Reconciliation Items between Segment Information and the Consolidated Financial Statements
 (i) Major items for adjustments
Net sales:
Total of reportable segments Elimination of intersegment transactions
Reported on consolidated financial statements Segment profit:
Total of reportable segments Elimination of intersegment transactions Adjustments to depreciable assets Other adjustments
Reported on consolidated financial statements Segment assets:
Total of reportable segments
Elimination of intersegment transactions Reported on consolidated financial statements
(ii) Other items for adjustments
Depreciation:
Total of reportable segments Adjustments
Reported on consolidated financial statements Increase of property, plant and equipment and
Total of reportable segments
Adjustments
Reported on consolidated financial statements
(5) Related Information
Millions of yen
2020 2021
67,392 (4,157) 63,234
1,746 71 5 32 1,857
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2021
     ¥ 73,439
$ 661,613
(4,395)
(39,595)
¥ 69,044
$ 622,018
(2) Method of Calculating Sales and Profit (Loss), Identifiable Assets / Liabilities, and Other Items by Reportable Segment
The accounting procedure for Reportable segments is the same as that described in Note 02 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. Segment profit is calculated based on operating income.
Intersegment sales are recognized based on the price in an arm’s-length transaction.
(3) Information on Sales and Profit (Loss), Identifiable Assets / Liabilities, and Other Items by Reportable Segment
¥ ¥ ¥
¥
        ¥ 1,492
$ 13,441
65
586
(62)
(559)
9
81
¥ 1,505
$ 13,559
      Millions of yen Reportable segments
    As of March 31, 2020 Net sales:
Sales to third parties Intersegment sales and transfers
Total Segment profit Segment assets
Other items:
Depreciation*
Increase of property, plant and equipment and
intangible assets*
Pharmaceuticals
¥ 51,308 — ¥ 51,308 ¥ 899 ¥221,313
¥ 2,292
1,564
Information solution services
¥6,631 1,853 ¥8,484 ¥ 543 ¥6,515
¥ 358
403
Construction subcontracting
¥3,610 1,095 ¥4,706 ¥ 275 ¥3,258
¥29
10
Sales of materials and other goods
¥1,684 1,208 ¥2,892 ¥29 ¥2,505
¥27
2
Total
¥ 63,234 4,157 ¥ 67,392 ¥ 1,746 ¥233,593
¥ 2,708 1,980
¥233,593 (1,798)
¥231,794
Millions of yen
2020 2021 ¥2,708
(145) ¥2,562
¥1,980 (82)
¥1,897
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2021
     ¥270,887
$2,440,423
(2,026)
(18,252)
¥268,861
$2,422,171
                          ¥ 3,274
$ 29,495
(126)
(1,135)
¥ 3,148
$ 28,360
    * Depreciation includes the amortization of long-term prepaid expenses. Increase of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets reflects the increase in long-term prepaid expenses.
  Millions of yen Reportable segments
intangible assets:
   ¥11,385
$102,568
(245)
(2,207)
¥11,139
$100,351
   As of March 31, 2021
Net sales:
Sales to third parties Intersegment sales and transfers
Total Segment profit Segment assets
Other items:
Depreciation*
Increase of property, plant and equipment and
intangible assets*
Pharmaceuticals
Information solution services
Construction subcontracting
Sales of materials and other goods
Total
      ¥ 56,407
 ¥ 8,489
¥3,538
¥ 609
¥ 69,044
—
1,947
1,101
1,345
4,395
¥ 56,407
¥10,437
¥4,639
¥1,955
¥ 73,439
¥ 355
¥ 837
¥ 309
¥ (10)
¥ 1,492
¥257,087
¥ 8,604
¥3,241
¥1,953
¥270,887
    (i) Product and service information
Item omitted since the same information is disclosed in the segment information section.
(ii) Geographical information (1) Net sales
      ¥ 2,866
 ¥ 357
¥ 26
¥ 24
¥ 3,274
11,010
341
21
12
11,385
   * Depreciation includes the amortization of long-term prepaid expenses. Increase of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets reflects the increase in long-term prepaid expenses.
Item omitted since sales to external customers in Japan exceeded 90% of net sales shown on the consolidated statements of income. (2) Property, plant and equipment
There are no corresponding items as the Companies do not possess any property, plant or equipment outside of Japan.
(iii) Major customer information
Alfresa Corporation SUZUKEN CO., LTD. MEDICEO CORPORATION
Note: Related segment for each major customer is the pharmaceuticals segment.
(6) Information on Loss on Impairment of Property, Plant and Equipment by Reportable Segment
For the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2021 No corresponding items.
As of March 31, 2021
Net sales:
Sales to third parties Intersegment sales and transfers
Total Segment profit Segment assets
Other items:
Depreciation*
Increase of property, plant and equipment and
intangible assets*
Pharmaceuticals
Information solution services
Construction subcontracting
Sales of materials and other goods
Total
Thousands of U.S. dollars Reportable segments
Millions of yen
2020 2021 ¥9,714
7,655 6,569
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2021
   ¥12,265
¥110,495
9,066
81,676
8,511
76,676
   $ 508,171
 $76,477
$31,874
$ 5,486
$ 622,018
—
17,541
9,919
12,117
39,595
$ 508,171
$94,027
$41,793
$17,613
$ 661,613
$ 3,198
$ 7,541
$ 2,784
$ (90)
$ 13,441
$2,316,099
$77,514
$29,198
$17,595
$2,440,423
                 $ 25,820
 $ 3,216
$ 234
$ 216
$ 29,495
99,189
3,072
189
108
102,568
   * Depreciation includes the amortization of long-term prepaid expenses. Increase of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets reflects the increase in long-term prepaid expenses.
(7) Information on Amortization of Goodwill and Remaining Unamortized Balance by Reportable Segment
For the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2021 No corresponding items.
KISSEI Annual Report 2021 60
61
Annual Report 2021 KISSEI
Introduction Value Creation Strategy Corporate Governance CSR Financial Data

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Independent Auditor’s Report
(8) Information on the Remaining Balance and Gain on Negative Goodwill by Reportable Segment.
For the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2021 No corresponding items.
Note 14 Related Party Transactions
(1) Transaction with Companies in Which Executives and Their Close Relations Own a Majority of Voting Rights, Etc.
  For the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2021 No corresponding items.
(2) Transaction with Executives of Important Subsidiaries and Their Close Relations, Etc.
For the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2021 No corresponding items.
Note 15 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses
Selling, general and administrative expenses for the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2021 are as follows:
Payrollcosts
Research and development expenses Depreciation
Other
Total
Note 16
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2021
U.S. dollars
2021
   ¥ 8,488
$ 76,468
9,626
86,721
1,835
16,532
11,267
101,505
¥31,217
$281,234
           Amounts Per Share
2020
¥ 8,913
10,767 985 12,381 ¥33,048
2020 ¥4,119.89
60.31 52
2021
2021
 Amounts per share as of March 31, 2020 and 2021 and for the years then ended are as follows:
Net assets
Profit attributable to owners of parent Cash dividends
Yen
  ¥4,755.74
$42.84
113.25
1.02
54
0.49
       Diluted profit attributable to owners of parent per share is not presented because there is no dilutive potential of shares of common stock.
Net assets per share are computed based on the net assets excluding non-controlling interests and the number of common stock outstanding at the year-end.
Profit attributable to owners of parent per share is computed based on the profit attributable to owners of parent and the average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the year.
Cash dividends per share represent the cash dividends proposed by the Board of Directors together with the interim cash dividends paid.
Note 17 Subsequent Event
Execution of Contract
The Company has entered into the following contract with SANWA KAGAKU KENKYUSHO CO., LTD.
(1) Purpose of contract
The contract is for the co-promotion in Japan of UPASITA® IV Injection Syringe, developed by SANWA KAGAKU KENKYUSHO as a treatment for secondary hyperthyroidism
(2) Name of other contracting party
SANWA KAGAKU KENKYUSHO CO., LTD.
(3) Contract date
June 23, 2021
(4) Description of contract and significant effects of contract on business
Upon entering the contract, a lump sum will be paid to SANWA KAGAKU KENKYUSHO. In addition, Kissei Pharmaceutical will receive annual co-promotion payments according to sales.
 KISSEI Annual Report 2021 62
63 Annual Report 2021 KISSEI
Introduction Value Creation Strategy Corporate Governance CSR Financial Data

Independent Auditor’s Report Independent Auditor’s Report
  KISSEI Annual Report 2021 64 65 Annual Report 2021 KISSEI
Introduction Value Creation Strategy Corporate Governance CSR Financial Data

Independent Auditor’s Report Independent Auditor’s Report
  KISSEI Annual Report 2021 66 67 Annual Report 2021 KISSEI
Introduction Value Creation Strategy Corporate Governance CSR Financial Data

             Corporate Information (as of March 31, 2021) Corporate Data
KISSEI PHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
19-48, Yoshino, Matsumoto, Nagano 399-8710, Japan TEL: +81-263-25-9081
Established: August 9, 1946
Number of Employees: 1,442
URL: https://www.kissei.co.jp/
Unconsolidated Subsidiaries
KISSEI AMERICA, INC.
400 Kelby Street, 16FL Fort Lee, NJ 07024, USA
PROS. CO., LTD.
Hamamatsu Act Tower 12F, 111-2 Itaya-machi, Naka-ku, Hamamatsu, Shizuoka 430-7712, Japan
Investor Information
Consolidated Subsidiaries
Kissei Shoji Co., Ltd.
1-1, Hiratahigashi 2-chome, Matsumoto, Nagano 399-0014, Japan Established: April 1977
Number of employees: 37
KISSEI COMTEC CO., LTD.
KIC Building, 4010-10 Wada, Matsumoto, Nagano 390-1293, Japan Established: April 1985
Number of employees: 314
HASHIBA TECHNOS CO., LTD.
1-1, Hiratahigashi 2-chome, Matsumoto, Nagano 399-0014, Japan Established: January 1955
Number of employees: 70
  Stock Exchange Listing: First Section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange
Stock Code: 4547
Common Stock: Authorized 227,000,000 shares Issued: 51,811,185 shares
Number of Shareholders: 4,058 (Increase of 712 compared with previous fiscal year-end)
Principal Shareholders
Name
The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited
Custody Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust account)
The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust account)
The Hachijuni Bank, Ltd.
Kanzawa Limited
Mutsuo Kanzawa
Kissei Group Employee Stockholders Committee
Mizuho Bank, Ltd.
NORTHERN TRUST CO. (AVFC) SUB A/C USL NON-TREATY
Nabelin Co., Ltd.
Composition of Shareholders by Category
Number of shares held (hundreds)
Voting rights (%)
  32,000
6.9
 29,720
6.4
 26,196
5.7
 23,333
 5.1
16,782
3.6
 15,418
3.3
 12,701
 2.8
12,334
 2.7
12,254
2.7
 12,223
2.7
                    (Notes)
1. Kissei holds 5,695,246 shares of treasury stock but is not included in the above list of
principal shareholders.
2. The calculation of voting rights percentages is based on total shares issued excluding
treasury stock.
Stock Price Range / Trading Volume
4,000
Stock Price (Yen)
3,500 3,000 2,500 2,000 1,500 1,000
500
Securities companies:
32/3,514 hundred shares (0.7%)
Financial institutions:
41/181,039 hundred shares (34.9%)
Individuals and others:
3,600/128,911 hundred shares (24.9%)
Other companies:
174/120,522 hundred shares (23.3%)
Non-Japanese institutions and individuals: 211/84,093 hundred shares (16.2%)
8,000 Trading Volume (Thousands of shares)
7,000 6,000 5,000 4,000 3,000 2,000 1,000
        00 19/4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 20/1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 21/1 2 3
KISSEI Annual Report 2021 68

 19-48, Yoshino, Matsumoto, Nagano 399-8710, Japan
  This annual report has been printed using waterless printing methods that do not produce harmful liquid waste, and with 100% plant-derived vegetable oil ink that does not contain volatile organic compounds.
Printed in Japan