Research and Development (R&D)
Basic Policy
As an R&D-oriented pharmaceutical company, Kissei Pharmaceutical aims to develop and provide a steady stream of new drugs through drug discovery research and in-licensing of development themes in key areas.
The driving force behind the Company’s R&D efforts is the desire to help patients who are suffering from illnesses and contribute to the health of people around the world.
   Shinji Kikuchi
Director, General Manager of Research Division
Drug Discovery Research
Kissei engages in research focused on small molecule-based drug discovery, driven by its mission to contribute to society through the creation of highly competitive and innovative drugs that meet medi- cal needs.
Although therapeutic modalities have diversified in recent years, the creation of new small molecule drugs has been receiving atten- tion once again. An advantage of small molecules is that they can be applied to a variety of target molecules within tissue, regardless of whether these molecules are inside or outside of a cell. Therefore, small molecules are being reexamined, not only for their potential to develop drugs that can replace monoclonal antibody drugs or nucleic acid drugs, but also for their convenience and impact on medical economics. Another major point of appeal for small mole- cules is that it is possible to create entirely new classes of drugs that exert new effects by binding to different areas of target molecules than conventional drugs, even in typical targets such as enzymes or receptors. Moreover, research on the groundbreaking idea of small molecules for inducing proteolysis has reached the clinical trial stage and is expected to show practical applications. Thanks to technical innovations, the possibilities of drug discovery stemming from small molecules continues to grow. For instance, growing sophistication of the chemical structure of small molecule drugs and technological developments related to middle molecule drugs have opened the door for drug discovery aimed at protein–protein interactions respon- sible for transmitting and regulating intracellular signals, with hun- dreds of thousands of interactions as potential targets.
Our strength when it comes to drug discovery research is our molecular design technology for small molecule drug discovery, which brings together the work of researchers in structural biology and other fields conducted over the course of many years. In particu- lar, we have accumulated a track record of in silico drug discovery, having succeeded in both optimizing chemical compounds and creating new mother nucleus compounds through a combination of target protein discovery, structural analysis, and computational chemistry. We believe that by combining in silico technology with high-throughput screening technology and by employing a screen- ing process that emphasizes scientifically valid mechanisms, we can increase the accuracy of innovative drug discovery.
On the other hand, if we, as a company rooted in drug discovery research, are to keep increasing our corporate value when techno- logical innovation is moving forward with each passing day, we need to continue our work to build a strong technology base and innovate our drug discovery research process. One of these technological innovations is drug discovery conducted using AI. We are working with consortiums that utilize open innovation to develop AI with practical applications and as part of industry-academic collaborations aimed at developing the next generation of AI for drug discovery, with hopes of acquiring the resulting technology. We are also focused on building a new drug discovery platform that aims to create drugs with new mechanisms of action by making full use of cryo-electron microscopes and other advanced structural analysis technology.
We intend to enhance our development pipeline, which includes gene therapy, and positioned as key strategic fields are urology, renal diseases and dialysis, diabetes, and rare diseases. However, our drug discovery research is not locked into these fields and is instead aimed at creating new drugs that can be expanded globally and responding to increasingly diverse and complex medical needs of today, while bearing in mind a medium- to long-term perspective. KSP-0243 is an example of a drug created by Kissei that is keeping with this approach as a treatment for inflammatory bowel disease that is currently in phase I clinical trials.
Going forward, we will continue to fulfill our mission to treat dis- eases without full-fledged treatments with drug discovery that can only be achieved with a small molecule-based approach.
Yuji Kiyono
General Manager and Division Director of Clinical Development Division
Developments in Clinical Trials
The Clinical Development Division is committed to new drug devel- opment with a division-wide policy of professionalism and a broad perspective, as well as a mission in keeping with Kissei’s Management Philosophy—to contribute to society through high-quality innova- tive pharmaceutical products and to serve society through its employees. All members of the division adhere to this policy and are always conscious of their duty “to serve every patient.”
In fiscal 2021, we will move forward with the review of two projects that have been submitted for New Drug Application (NDA) approval, with the goal of receiving certification. These projects concern avaco- pan as a treatment for anti-neutrophil cytoplasmic antibody (ANCA)- associated vasculitis (AAV) and carotegrast methyl as a treatment for ulcerative colitis. We will also continue to prepare an application for the approval of rovatirelin as a treatment for spinocerebellar ataxia, working in collaboration with licenser Shionogi & Co., Ltd. There are also three projects in the final stage of development, with phase III clinical trials underway for fostamatinib as a treatment for chronic idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura, difelikefalin as a treatment for uremic pruritis in dialysis patients, and CG0070 as an oncolytic viral therapy for non-muscle-invasive bladder cancer. CG0070 is particu- larly notable as it marks Kissei’s first global phase III clinical trials for regenerative medicine. Since several projects in late-stage develop- ment involve new territory for the Company, the members of the Clinical Development Division are putting their utmost effort into bringing each project to the next stage.
The spread of COVID-19 has brought with it major changes in the way clinical trials are conducted, and we have stepped beyond the
bounds of our pool of knowledge and experience to actively intro- duce new approaches and initiatives to a variety of clinical trials. These efforts will enable us to make steady progress in the growth strategy included in PEGASUS, our five-year medium-term manage- ment plan.
In February 2021, we submitted an NDA for the approval of avaco- pan, a selective complement C5a receptor antagonist discovered by U.S.-based ChemoCentryx, Inc., as a treatment for microscopic polyangiitis and granulomatosis with polyangiitis classified as ANCA- associated vasculitis. ANCA-associated vasculitis has been designated as an intractable inflammatory disease by the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare (MHLW). In 2017, Kissei obtained sublicensing rights from Swiss-based Vifor Fresenius Medical Care Renal Pharma Ltd. Due to the low number of domestic patients suffering from the disease—around 12,000—avacopan was designated as an orphan drug by the MHLW in March 2019.
When making such developments in the area of rare diseases, many cases arise when it is difficult to build the clinical data package necessary for submitting an application for approval using clinical trials conducted exclusively in Japan owing to the small number of domestic patients. Therefore, the effective use of overseas clinical trial results and global clinical trials are crucial for ensuring both early application and approval. In the case of avacopan, the drug was already undergoing global phase III clinical trials (the ADVOCATE trial) when it was in-licensed in Japan. Therefore Japan’s participation in the ADVOCATE trial was very difficult in terms of the schedule. However, thanks to prompt discussions with the Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Agency (PMDA), preparations for Japan’s participa- tion in the ADVOCATE trial moved forward quickly. As a result, it was possible to incorporate a number of Japanese patient cases (agreed upon with the PMDA in advance) in the ADVOCATE trial within the case registration deadline. Moreover, since the trial yielded positive results, we were able to submit an application for approval in Japan without significantly delaying the application for approval in Europe and the United States.
At present, limited options remain for the treatment of intractable and rare diseases. In this light, our efforts to develop rovatirelin as a treatment for spinocerebellar ataxia, designated as an intractable dis- ease by the MHLW, serve as a reminder of our mission to listen to the voices of those suffering from these illnesses and to promptly develop and deliver drugs that can provide even a minor form of treatment to these patients.
“To serve every patient”—it is with this phrase in mind that we will keep striving to develop new drugs to fulfill unmet needs.
  KISSEI Annual Report 2021
14
15 Annual Report 2021 KISSEI