 Relationships with Our Employees
Relationships with Our Employees
Our Stance on Human Resources
We are taking steps to cultivate human resources and create an environment where our diverse employees can display their skills to their utmost based on the basic stance that intellectual stimulation results from mutual respect for a variety of mindsets and values, inciting creativity and dynamism in the Company. As part of our continued efforts to establish a working environ- ment that encompasses employment, labor conditions, and human resources management, we have adopted a multi- selective human resources system that gives consideration to our employees’ aptitudes and life plans. In addition, we are introduc- ing multiple flexible working styles to our departments, such as flextime and deemed working hours, to allow a variety of person- nel to work to their fullest capability. We are also aiming to intro- duce a post-retirement re-employment system as a way to allow many employees to utilize the experience, skills, and knowledge they have acquired over their careers after they retire.
Cultivating Human Resources
The Kissei Group has set “enabling employees to demonstrate their strengths to the utmost degree as both an individual and a part of an organization” as the objective of its Vision for Human Resources Cultivation. To achieve this vision, we are organically developing measures to help cultivate each type of human resource in a continuous and systematic manner over the medium to long term.
with the Kissei Group Health Insurance Society, while striving to maintain and improve the health of employees and their families and to promote health management, the goal of which is to establish a workplace that is both healthy and vital and where employees can put their abilities on full display with a feeling of purpose and drive. In recognition of these
efforts, Kissei Pharmaceutical was certified as a 2021 Organization with Outstanding Health & Productivity Management (Large Enterprise Category) in March 2021.
higher standard in providing exemplary
childcare support.
* Laws enacted by national and local public entities and busi- nesses to promote measures to support raising next-generation children. These measures are designed to create an environment in which children, who will be responsible for society in the coming generation, can be born and raised in a healthy manner.
Promoting the Success of Women
Kissei has formulated its General Employers Action Plan based on the Act on Promotion of Women’s Participation and Advancement in the Workplace. We are working to further develop our infra- structure so that women are able to fully express their individual- ity and ability in their professional careers and see success in the workplace.
Promoting Work–Life Balance
To promote the usage of annual paid leave, Kissei Pharmaceutical has established a systematic paid leave usage system, which covers an annual Companywide leave period of two days and a leave period of three days for commemorative occasions, such as wedding anniversaries and birthdays. To reduce overtime work, head offices and laboratories have set every Wednesday and salary payment day as “no-overtime” days, while sales branches and offices promote days without out-of office travel and salary payment days as days to go home on time. These initiatives to reduce overtime work and improve efficiency are part of our con- stant effort to promote a work–life balance.
Occupational Health and Safety
In addition to complying with the Industrial Safety and Health Act and other related laws and regulations as well as in-Company work regulations, Kissei implements health and safety measures guided by the Environment, Health, and Safety Committee, an in- house organization, to ensure a safe, secure, and reliable work- place environment for its employees.
Health and safety initiatives are implemented at head offices, plants, and laboratories, led by the Subcommittee for Health and Safety at each location. These initiatives include efforts to main- tain a safe workplace environment through safety training for new employees, regular patrols, and recording metrics of the work environment in addition to basic first-aid training and efforts to impart safety information, such as posting internal newsletters and in-Company posters. The minutes of Subcommittee for Health and Safety meetings are posted on the Company intranet and are available to all employees.
Enactment of the Kissei Pharmaceutical Health Declaration
To realize the goals stated in our Management Philosophy and Code of Conduct, Kissei established the Kissei Pharmaceutical Health Declaration in April 2017, based on the belief that each and every employee must be healthy in both mind and body.
Recognized under the 2021 Certified Health & Productivity Management Outstanding Organizations Recognition Program (Large Enterprise Category)
Kissei Pharmaceutical makes efforts to promote health management with the goal of creating a workplace where Kissei works closely
Health Management Promotion System
The Department Manager of the Human Resources Department has been appointed as the General Manager in Charge of Health Promotion, and the Subcommittee for Health and Productivity Management has been established to further promote drafting and the implementation of measures as well as verifying their effects.
   Major Health Management Initiatives
• Medical testing exceeding legal require- ments and subsidization of cancer screen- ing and other testing costs in cooperation with the Kissei Health Insurance Society
•Stress checks for all business establish- ments, including those with fewer than 50 employees
• Healthy menus provided at employee caf- eterias, etc.
 Major Initiatives
• Increase the number of women who want to join the company by actively publicizing that we maintain a workplace where women play an active role • Promote a system of reduced working hours for female MRs returning to
work from childcare leave   Occupational physician
Occupational health staff
Collabo- ration
Management
Reporting
The Subcommittee for Health and Productivity Management
Collaboration
Health Insurance Society
Collabo- ration
General Manager in Charge of Health Management Promotion (Department Manager of
the Human Resources Department)
Health management promotion
(Human Resources Department, General Administration Department)
Environment, Health and Safety Committee
The Subcommittee for Health and Safety at each business location (Health manager)
 Vision for Human Resources Cultivation
1. Cultivate independent employees who understand the Company’s social mission, contribute to the Company’s development, and are highly creative, responsible, and capable.
2. Cultivate competent businesspeople capable of promoting organiza- tional objectives for efficiency and work to enhance in them the knowledge and skills necessary to perform Company duties in light of management and technology reform.
3. Cultivate members of society with open-minded, refined, and amiable personalities who are capable of building strong relationships and are full of honesty and humanity.Cultivating the Next Generation
Kissei is a company that enables employees to balance work and home life, including childcare, and by creating an environment that is easy for all employees to work in, they are able to demon- strate their full potential. Kissei is making every effort to establish this type of work environment. These efforts were evaluated and recognized in 2008, 2011, and 2015 with certification (Kurumin) as a standards-compliant general business owner based on the Act on Advancement of Measures to Support Raising Next-Generation Children.* Furthermore, in 2017 Kissei was granted special certifi- cation (Platinum Kurumin) in recognition of reaching an even
We will contribute to the health and medical care of people around the world by providing ethical drugs and other high-quality, innovative pharmaceutical products. (From the Kissei Code of Conduct)
To that end, each and every employee must be healthy in both mind and body.
Kissei strives to maintain and enhance the health of employees and their families while instilling a sense of pur- pose and drive. At the same time, we aim to create a healthy and vibrant workplace environment where each and every employee is able to reach their full potential.
Enacted on April 1, 2017
1. The Company and the health insurance society recognize the health problems of employees as important manage- ment issues and will therefore provide opportunities for employees to maintain and improve the health of their minds and bodies and create a workplace that is both healthy and easy to work in. We will actively engage in har- mony (work–life balance) between Company life and the personal lives of our employees.
2. Employees recognize the importance of self-care in terms of managing their own health and will create healthy bodies and minds by actively maintaining and promoting their own health.
KISSEI Annual Report 2021
40
41
Annual Report 2021 KISSEI