Overseas Expansion and In-Licensing
Basic Policy
Kissei’s basic strategy for overseas expansion is to obtain profits from supplying drug substances and royalty income by licensing out its original products. As part of our five-year medium-term management plan PEGASUS, we will establish linzagolix as a new global product and strengthen our overseas earnings base by licensing out new products.
Generic name / Development code
Expected indications
Dysuria associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia
Uterine fibroids
Uterine fibroids
Endometriosis
Acute exacerba- tion of asthma
Parkinson’s disease
Country / Region
Vietnam, other countries
Europe
U.S. Europe, U.S. U.S.
China, other countries
I
Phase
II
III
Preparation to submit application
NDA in process
Partner company
Eisai Co., Ltd. (Japan)
ObsEva SA (Switzerland)
ObsEva SA (Switzerland)
ObsEva SA (Switzerland)
MediciNova, Inc. (U.S.)
Affamed Therapeutics Limited (China)
 SilodosinLinzagolixLinzagolixLinzagolixBedoradrineKDT-3594 global companies based in the United States and Europe have been establishing biotech companies in China. These companies have been developing an increasing number of novel drugs in Asia and globally. Affamed is just such a company, and with its leading group of professionals working on KDT-3594, we expect prompt develop- ment of the drug in Asia. In the future, we plan to utilize data obtained in Japan and Asia to select licensees for KDT-3594 in Europe and the United States.
We are also actively engaged in in-licensing with overseas compa- nies to incorporate global innovation as one of our major strategies to increase sustainable corporate value. Over the last few years, in- licensing has been focused on rare diseases with small numbers of patients and on intractable diseases that are difficult to treat. In the past five years, we have conducted in-licensing for avacopan,* fosta- matinib,* and CG0070,* which are drugs that target rare and intracta- ble diseases. These are drugs being developed by biotech companies based on the west coast of the United States. Kissei is contributing to the efficient development of these drugs by working closely with its overseas partners and participating in global clinical trials from Japan, or by utilizing global data to conduct smaller-scale but more efficient development efforts. As a result, we anticipate prompt delivery to patients in Japan suffering from these intractable diseases.
When difficult problems arise and our own capabilities will not suffice, we know that such problems can be overcome through cooperation—this means accepting the help of those around us and giving the best of ourselves in return. When dealing with a difficult disease, a limit exists to what one person can do on their own, and likewise, we as a company may not be able to handle a disease alone. However, similar to Kissei, there are many pharmaceutical and bio- tech companies around the world with the same desire to tackle intractable diseases and deliver novel drugs to patients. Many such companies have their eyes on Kissei, a company with a strong track record in out-licensing, to see whether we will put forth any drug dis- covery seeds that can be developed globally. We intend to work with these companies and utilize the support of scientists and medical professionals around the world to provide patients with high-quality drugs as quickly as possible to provide these patients with some relief. With this goal in mind, the Kissei Pharmaceutical Business Development Department search for partnerships with people around the world.
* Please refer to the R&D pipeline on page 16.
Changes compared with Annual Report 2020          Kousuke Nakada
Department Manager of Business Development Department
Partnerships with Overseas Companies
Getting approval in Europe and the United States for linzagolix, a treatment for uterine fibroids and endometriosis, is a realistic prospect thanks to our partner company ObsEva SA. ObsEva is a bio- tech company based in Switzerland founded by an obstetrician / gynecologist and is focused on developing new drugs in the field of obstetrics and gynecology. The company has a group of human resources with a strong track record in new drug development and has been able to push the development of linzagolix to the applica- tion stage in Europe and the United States. In 2020, ObsEva intro- duced a new CEO from the United States with extensive experience in marketing new drugs and is making preparations to sell linzagolix under his leadership. One of the benefits of teaming up with a bio- tech company is that the very best human resources can be gathered from around the world, instead of being limited to people from within one company, and their contributions can be used to research, develop, and market new drugs. Going forward, we are planning to create new partnerships to promote the development of linzagolix in Asian regions in addition to Japan, the United States, and Europe.
Ahead of this move, we are developing KDT-3594, another impor- tant drug discovered by the Company as a treatment for Parkinson’s disease, in the Asian regions first. In 2020, we entered into a licensing agreement with Chinese biotech company Affamed Therapeutics Limited (hereinafter Affamed), granting the company the right to develop and commercialize the drug in China and several other Asian countries. In 2021, Phase II clinical trials began in Asia. In recent years, people with R&D experience for novel drug development gained at
Development of Linzagolix in Europe and the U.S.
being conducted in Europe and the United States, is ongoing. Uterine fibroids, one of the expected indications for linzagolix, are benign tumors that form in the muscle tissue of the uterus and are frequently observed in females of childbearing age. Menorrhagia, anemia, pain, pelvic pressure, and frequent urination are some of the symptoms that occur and affect the daily life of patients. According to an overseas study, more than 70% of women in the United States experience uterine fibroids by age 50.* In the United States, the long-term medical treatment is scarce and therefore surgery is a common option. There are 300,000 hysterectomies conducted annually as a treatment of
uterine fibroids.
* Am J Obstet Gynecol. 2012 March; 206 (3): 211
In October 2020, Kissei granted China-based Affamed Therapeutics Limited exclusive rights for the development and commercialization of KDT-3594 in China, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Macao, and six Southeast Asian countries (Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand, Indonesia, Vietnam, and the Philippines). Affamed is currently conducting phase II clinical trials (as of August 2021).
entered into a sub-licensing agreement with South Korea-based JW Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., to license development and sales rights in South Korea. In August of that same year, Kissei entered into a similar sub-licensing agreement with China-based Inmagene Biopharmaceuticals, granting them the same rights in China.
Linzagolix is a novel, orally administered GnRH receptor antagonist. Linzagolix acts by binding to and blocking the GnRH receptor in the pituitary gland, ultimately reducing estrogen production by the ovaries. In November 2015, Kissei licensed out exclusive rights to develop and market linzagolix in countries worldwide, excluding Japan and other parts of Asia, to ObsEva SA. ObsEva has been conducting phase III clinical trials for the indications of uterine fibroids and endometriosis. The phase III clinical trials for uterine fibroids have been completed, and an NDA was submitted for approval in Europe in November 2020. Of the two phase III clinical trials conducted for indications of endometriosis, EDEWEISS 2, which was being conducted in the United States, was canceled due to the impact of COVID-19, whereas EDEWEISS 3, which is
Out-licensing of KDT-3594 to China-Based Affamed
Therapeutics
KDT-3594 is a novel orally administrable non-ergot dopamine agonist, which acts by stimulating dopamine receptors in the basal ganglia, thereby ameliorating the symptoms of Parkinson’s disease caused by insufficient action of dopamine. It has also been confirmed as a new therapeutic agent for Parkinson’s disease that reduces the risk of the characteristic side effects of existing ergot and non-ergot dopamine agonists.
Sub-Licensing Agreement for Fostamatinib
Since acquiring the development and sales rights for fostamatinib in Japan, China, Korea, and Taiwan from Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Kissei has been responsible for conducting phase III clinical trials in Japan as well as partnering activities outside of Japan in areas where it has obtained such rights. As a result, in June 2021, Kissei
 KISSEI Annual Report 2021
18
19
Annual Report 2021 KISSEI