Production, Supply, and Reliability Assurance
Tsuyoshi Naganuma
General Manager of Pharmaceutical Manufacturing
Providing a Stable Supply of High-Quality Drugs, Drawing from Our Management Philosophy as the Source of Our “Quality Culture”
The spread of COVID-19 has brought with it significant changes to economic activities and lifestyles. Successive cases of drug recalls from other companies and the suspension of supply during these times have been strong reminders of the need to provide high quality drugs to patients in a stable manner. Therefore, we have drawn from our experience of the Great East Japan Earthquake of 2011 to enhance our business continuity plans (BCP), while formulating a stable supply manual referencing the guidelines for ensuring a steady drug supply put forth by The Federation of Pharmaceutical Manufacturers’ Associations of Japan. Based on these measures, we store a sufficient inventory of drugs divided among several locations to ensure that we can maintain a stable supply system even if natural disasters, a pan- demic, or other factors prevent plant operations. Similarly, we work to uncover risks that might hinder continued procurement and the quality of raw materials for drugs, particularly drug substances and the materials produced from those substances, and strive to enhance supply chain management with measures that include production at multiple locations and maintaining inventory. In keeping with the issuance of the Guidelines on Good Distribution Practice (GDP), a GDP management organization has been set up within the Company to determine basic control items to ensure that the Production Division carries out the proper distribution of drugs within Japan and exports of drugs overseas and to operate and continuously improve the Company’s system to maintain drug integrity.
Kissei Pharmaceutical will contribute to the health of people around the world by actively operating its pharmaceutical quality system, established with a high sense of ethics, and providing high-quality, innovative pharmaceutical products that are continuously improving.
Measures related to COVID-19 are also of great importance. Such measures can be separated into two categories: measures to prevent infection, and those for when infection is confirmed. The basis of pre- venting infection is self-control of one’s behavior to prevent illness. For us, preventing infection is rooted in our shared mission within the Production Division to provide stable supply and procurement and the earnest spirit that is part of the corporate climate of Kissei and pervades each and every member of the department. With this spirit, combined with Groupwide understanding and cooperation, we are making efforts to protect employees involved in the manufacture and supply of drugs from infection. One such measure is staggering lunch times at the cafeteria shared with employees outside the Production Division to reduce contact with employees outside the Production Division and lower the risk of bringing a virus into the plant. We have also produced separate procedure manuals for each department, so even if an infection is confirmed, we have measures in place to minimize its spread, promptly establish a mitigation system, and maintain plant operations. For departments that handle drug manufacturing, quality control, the procurement of products and raw materials, and placing orders, we have installed remote working envi- ronments, separated offices, and set up cooperative systems with other divisions. The sum of these efforts is a system that ensures that the occurrence of an infection within the Company will not affect drug supply.
Our Management Philosophy is to “contribute to society through high-quality, innovative pharmaceutical products” and to “serve soci- ety through our employees.” This philosophy is the source of our “Quality Culture” and permeates the thoughts and actions of each person involved in drug manufacturing at Kissei. This mindset, com- bined with our quality-focused production and carried out in line with the three principles of the Good Management Practice (GMP) system, ensures that we can provide a stable supply of quality drugs.
Of the 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) adopted by the UN to be achieved by 2030, we, as the Production Division of an R&D-oriented pharmaceutical company, are committed to achieving Goal 3, which is to “ensure healthy lives and promote well-being for all at all ages.” To do so, we will continue to provide a stable supply of high-quality drugs supported by advanced technological capabilities and a broad wealth of knowledge and experience, combined with the latest science and information technology and risk-based thinking.
Kaoru Kaneko
General Manager and Division Director of Quality, Safety,
and Regulatory Affairs (General Marketing Compliance Officer)
Secure and Safe Delivery of High-Quality Drugs to Patients
To fulfill one of the missions contained within its Management Philosophy, to “contribute to society through high-quality, innovative pharmaceutical products,” Kissei Pharmaceutical has established an internal system within the Reliability Assurance Division to ensure compliance with Good Quality Practice (GQP) standards and Good Vigilance Practice (GVP) standards.
Regarding quality control, we promote quality assurance activities by bearing in mind our greatest mission, to provide high-quality drugs that patients can trust in and take with peace of mind. We started operation of the “Kissei Pharmaceutical Quality System” in April 2014 to continuously improve quality and ensure stable supplies of pharmaceutical products over their life cycles. Moreover, we con- tinue to conduct quality assurance activities day-to-day to actualize the Basic Philosophy of the Kissei Quality Policy, “to contribute to the health of people around the world by actively operating its pharma- ceutical quality system, established with a high sense of ethics, and providing high-quality, innovative pharmaceutical products that are continuously improving.”
Specifically, we conduct regular quality audits at each plant where drugs are manufactured and confirm that change management and deviation management are properly implemented in addition to sub- sequent corrective and preventive actions in compliance with phar- maceutical regulations. We also identify any issues based on product
quality information from medical institutions and make necessary improvements. Pharmaceutical products are subject to regular moni- toring to ensure proper stability and quality within their shelf life. The results of evaluation and analysis of annual pharmaceutical quality reviews reports from each manufacturer are reported to the Company president and reviewed periodically. Based on the outcomes of the review, measures are then put in place for enhancing quality assur- ance systems, and suitable management resources are allocated to improve drug quality further. In the unlikely event that concerns are raised regarding drug quality or safety, we have established a strictly enforced procedure to ensure that measures, including product recall, are taken to handle the situation promptly, and training for recalls is carried out regularly to be able to perform a recall quickly and properly if an incident occurs abruptly.
On the other hand, for patients to use drugs with peace of mind, it is necessary to continue collecting and evaluating information on the safety and efficacy after launch, since safety information that exists up the point of approval is collected from clinical trials, conducted under controlled conditions. We have established a Safety Management Control Department at our head offices in Matsumoto and Tokyo and are promoting drug safety monitoring activities in cooperation with Safety Management Implementation Departments, focusing on 10 domestic branch offices. Specifically, MRs engage in post-marketing surveillance and other activities to collect a wide variety of infor- mation on the efficacy and safety of our products. The Safety Management Control Department subsequently works with doctors to conduct a close review of this information. After this review, if we determine that new safety measures are necessary, we will promptly notify medical professionals. In this way, we work on collecting and evaluating safety information and then devising safety measures on a daily basis, keeping our mission close to heart and with high ethical standards in our minds so that medical professionals and patients uti- lize our drugs securely and safely.
Furthermore, overseas partners with licensing rights to our drugs collect safety information in their respective territories and promptly share their information with each company. In addition, we discuss safety measures and work to ensure safe usage globally.
Information collected from clinical trials regarding the safety and efficacy of treatments for rare diseases is particularly limited, which makes it much more important to collect such information after launch. Therefore, we will perform this task with a continued sense of responsibility and enthusiasm that will bring peace of mind to those patients who use our products.
    KISSEI Annual Report 2021
24
25
Annual Report 2021 KISSEI