   Providing Drug Information
Providing Drug Information
  Suminori Sagara
Director, General Manager of Sales and Marketing Division
The Closest Partners of Medical Professionals in the Mission to Improve Patients’ Lives
We have positioned urology, renal diseases and dialysis, and diabetes as key areas for marketing, with a lineup of multiple products coupled with activities to provide drug information appropriate for each dis- ease and condition.
In the urology field, MINIRIN MELT® was positioned as a grade A recommended treatment for nocturia due to nocturnal polyuria in males after 2020 revisions to guidelines for the treatment of nocturia. In addition to providing drugs such as Urief® and Beova®, we will con- tribute to the treatment of patients as a manufacturer of multiple treatments for lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTS) through activities to provide information, which includes increasing awareness of these ailments.
In renal diseases and dialysis, study after study has been published stressing the importance of phosphorous management for dialysis patients. P-TOL®, a treatment for hyperphosphatemia, can help patients maintain strict phosphorous control. In June 2021, Kissei entered into a co-promotion agreement with SANWA KAGAKU KENKYUSHO Co., Ltd., for UPASITA® Injection Syringe, a treatment for secondary hyperparathyroidism. Both companies have begun pro- viding information on the treatment. Since the patients targeted by P-TOL® and UPASITA® Injection Syringe overlap, we expect to see syn- ergies appear between the two drugs.
We have been working with doctors working in the area of diabe- tes treatments since our launch of Glufast® more than 17 years ago. In April 2020, we added MARIZEV®, a once-weekly sustained selective
DPP-4 inhibitor to our lineup, in addition to Glubes® Combination Tablet. In these ways, we will help with the treatment of patients by putting forth drug treatments that suit their pathological conditions and lifestyles.
There is a growing need to provide information digitally to keep pace with changes in the external environment that include work- style reforms among doctors and the spread of COVID-19. In response, we have been enhancing our digital tools. For instance, we intro- duced “AI-Detail,” a service on our site for medical professionals that utilizes AI to provide voice information regarding our products. However, the role of medical representatives (MRs) has not changed, which is to act as the medical professionals’ closest partners by listen- ing to medical issues and working with them to resolve these issues and help patients recover their health. In the future, we will continue with the hybrid style of providing information and utilizing the ben- efits of both in-person and digital methods.
In addition to these three key areas, we are developing multiple treatments for rare diseases. The foremost example of these efforts is our Feburualy 2021 submission of an NDA for avacopan, a treatment for ANCA-associated vasculitis. Aiming to bring treatments for rare diseases to market, we launched the “Rare Diseases Project” in April 2021. This project is devoted to marketing, education, and other activi- ties in the area of rare diseases, and preparations to introduce the treatments are ongoing.
While rare diseases are handled by a limited number of medical experts and facilities, these diseases can cause a high degree of suf- fering for patients and can be life-threatening if not treated properly. To address this problem, we will build a stable sales and distribution system that can ensure a steady supply of drugs for difficult-to-treat patients. We are also working to train our human resources, particu- larly our MRs. These MRs are responsible for providing medical infor- mation and work with doctors as partners, so we are making sure that they have the specialized knowledge to discuss treatment policies and other matters. In addition to utilizing our ability to propose solu- tions, an ability cultivated in our key areas, we intend to shift toward a patient-oriented approach to providing information that is more mindful of the patient journey.*
The Sales and Marketing Division will adhere to Kissei’s Manage- ment Vision—to be an R&D-oriented pharmaceutical company that contributes to the health of people around the world through inno- vative pharmaceutical products—and fulfill its duty as the anchor in providing drugs to medical professionals and patients.
*The process during which patients acknowledge their illnesses and share their actions, thoughts, and emotions over their care period, from medical examinations to treatment.
Establishment of the Rare Diseases Project
We have multiple late-stage development projects in the area of rare and designated intractable diseases. In April 2021, we estab- lished the Rare Diseases Project within the Sales and Marketing Division as a way to facilitate the smooth entry of these new prod- ucts resulting from these projects into the market. Due to the small number of patients in the area of rare diseases, there are a limited number of medical experts and suitable facilities. We set up this project department to build a specialized and advanced
information provision system for medical experts and staff so the maximum number of patients suffering from an intractable dis- ease can receive appropriate treatment, even if that disease affects just one person.
By bringing new drugs to the market that can function as new treatment options for rare and intractable diseases, we can help improve medical care for those people suffering from these diseases.
Introducing AI-Detail
AI-Detail is a new automated information system for medical pro- fessionals seeking information on our products. Users can per- form a keyword search on the Company’s website for necessary drug information, and the system will automatically select slides with related information. Users can choose slides based on
necessity and interest. Slides that are chosen are presented to the user along with a voice explanation. In addition to having their inquiries answered via our MRs and our Product Customer Service Center, we believe this service will allow medical professionals to obtain necessary information in any place and at any time.
 Treatments for Rare Diseases Scheduled to Be Launched or Filed during PEGASUS
 Generic name / Development code
Development stage
New Drug Application
Preparation to submit application
Phase III clinical trials
Phase III clinical trials
Expected indications
Microscopic polyangiitis and granulomatosis with polyangiitis
Spinocerebellar ataxia
Chronic idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura
Non-muscle-invasive bladder cancer
Lineup of late-stage development projects in the area of rare and intractable diseases
Construction of a specialized and advanced information provision system for the limited number of medical experts and suitable struc- ture to ensure patients can receive appropri- ate treatmentAvacopan / CCX168Rovatirelin / KPS-0373Fostamatinib / R788CG0070KISSEI Annual Report 2021
20
21 Annual Report 2021 KISSEI