 Our Relationship with Medical Professionals and Patients
Our Relationship with Medical Professionals and Patients / Relationships with Society
Collection and Appropriate Provision of Drug Information
Drug information obtained from the point of approval until launch is collected from clinical trials under limited conditions. Therefore, to ensure patients can use drugs properly after launch, there must be a continuous effort to check for safety and effec- tiveness. Information about a drug post-launch can be accessed by medical professionals and patients by contacting the Product Customer Service Center, and medical professionals can also acquire this information via the information provision activities carried out by our medical representatives (MRs). In addition, after we launch new drugs for sale, we systematically collect infor- mation on safety and efficacy by conducting post-marketing surveillance and post-marketing clinical trials targeting between hundreds and thousands of patients. If we determine that it is necessary to provide information on new safety measures and proper usage based on the information collected, we will promptly inform medical professionals and patients.
Product Customer Service Desk
We have established the Product Customer Service center to encourage the proper use of pharmaceutical products in a safe and effective manner, and we have responded to inquiries not only from healthcare professionals but also patients. In fiscal 2020, we responded to 12,405 such inquiries. In addition, we are work- ing to build a dedicated phone line for SAVENE®, a treatment for anthracycline extravasation, and RECTABUL®, Japan’s first inject- able foam treatment for ulcerative colitis, in anticipation of urgent inquiries and to facilitate easy consultation.
KISSEI KUR Magazine
Since July 1983, Kissei Pharmaceutical has published issues of KISSEI KUR, a quarterly magazine dedicated to providing medical information. About 30,000 copies of each issue are published, with the goal of providing unique medical information to medical professionals.
The aim of the magazine is to offer enjoyable reading material while also providing useful information. Within its pages, readers can find articles from some of the most important voices related to diseases that Kissei is involved with and learn about medical institutions that are putting forth unique initiatives. We also take advantage of our heritage as a company founded in the Shinshu (Nagano) area of Japan to introduce readers to its natural beauty. The name of the magazine comes from the German word kur, which is “cure” in English, and the magazine delivers interesting information about cures to many medical professionals, including doctors, pharmacists, nurses, and others.

Patient-Oriented Information Website
Kissei works actively to communicate information to patients in its key fields, such as renal diseases and dialysis and urology. We established and currently operate an information website through our corporate web page for use by patients and their families. The goal of this site is to help people who are undergo- ing dialysis or suffering urinary symptoms to live their lives more happily.
Its concept as a site is to help patients and their families to enjoy living their daily lives. Accordingly, the site uses a Q&A format to give specific advice focused on the various situations that patients experience day-to-day. On the section for dialysis patients, the site provides information on dietary management, which is crucial for these patients. This section includes alterna- tives to cooking from scratch, with easy-to-understand tips on dietary management, items to purchase when shopping at the supermarket or the convenience store, or when eating out.
