Letter from the CEO
We will achieve sustainable growth and
increase corporate value over the medium to long term,
which in turn will contribute to society and the health of people around the world.
Mutsuo Kanzawa
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Kissei’s Management Philosophy is to “contribute to society through high-quality, innovative pharmaceutical products” and to“servesocietythroughitsemployees.”UnderourManagement Vision, we aim to be an R&D-oriented pharmaceutical company that contributes to the health of people around the world through innovative pharmaceutical products.
The mission of manufacturers of new drugs, such as Kissei, is to research and develop drugs that are useful to patients.
While remarkable progress has been made in the fields of medicine and pharmaceutics in recent years, there remain several illnesses for which no treatment exists, meaning our role is becoming increasingly important. Since our founding in 1946, we have been committed to the development of new drugs, with patients as our number one priority. I believe that when we conduct all company activities with a sense of social responsibility and high ethical standards, whether they are
31
Annual Report 2021 KISSEI
August 2021
Letter from the CEO
 Mutsuo Kanzawa
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
drug discovery, development, production, or appropriate information provision regarding medical care, we are practic- ing one half of our Management Philosophy, which is to “contribute to society through high-quality, innovative phar- maceutical products.” As CEO, I recognize that my duty is to draw from our Management Philosophy and Management Vision to help the Company achieve sustainable growth and increase corporate value over the medium to long term, which in turn will contribute to the health of society and the people of the world.
One recent initiative aimed at enhancing corporate gover- nance was the establishment of the Nomination and Com- pensation Deliberation Committee in 2015. The committee deliberates on candidates for appointment or dismissal as directors and levels of director compensation, which are pro- posed to the Board of Directors. As for the Board of Directors, in 2020 we invited a female outside director to the fold, bring- ing the total number of outside directors to three and helping to ensure diversity.
However, with the revisions made to the Corporate Gover- nance Code in 2021, and with the Tokyo Stock Exchange scheduled to be restructured in 2022, it is more important than ever that we establish a high level of governance, work toward sustainable growth, and improve corporate value even fur- ther. We will continue to examine ways to make governance better for the Company, based on issues that are raised during evaluations of the effectiveness of the Board of Directors and constructive feedback provided by shareholders and investors aimed at improving corporate value, with an understanding that in the future we will need to address issues surrounding sustainability that include the environment, employee health, the promotion of the SDGs, and a human resource strategy that involves reforms to our human resources system to emphasize diversity and future potential.
With COVID-19 came major changes to the world. Great expectations have been laid upon pharmaceutical companies to develop new drugs, and the pandemic has reaffirmed that Kissei’s reason for being is to meet these expectations. My
message to all employees in 2020 was that they need to show “pliability” in the face of these changing times but also have the “pluck” to create change in themselves. It is the time to build Kissei into a flexible and strong company with a clear vision—one that rewards people who take on challenges. I want develop the Company further, hand in hand with all employees. Human resources who can serve society are vital when it comes to developing pharmaceutical products and delivering them to patients. We will work to cultivate human resources capable of dealing with any situation, with the goal of providing new drugs for intractable diseases or other ail- ments to patients around the world as soon as possible.
The pharmaceutical business is at the heart of the Kissei Group, but each Group company will make an effort toward the SDGs and leverage its business to contribute to society.
We will continue striving to provide sustainable value to society and increase corporate value through constructive dialogues with our stakeholders. I ask for the ongoing under- standing and support of all our stakeholders moving forward.
 KISSEI Annual Report 2021 30