The following are the most significant risks that could potentially affect the Kissei Group’s operating results and financial position. Forward-looking statements are based on the judgments the Group has made from the consolidated financial statements for fiscal 2020.
The degree and timing of a risk materializing, and the impact of such a risk on operating results, have not been published due to the difficulty of making a reasonable prediction. As part of its Risk Management Regulations, Kissei Pharmaceutical has established a Basic Risk Management Policy and a risk management system. In addition, the Company has established a Risk Management Committee, which serves as an advisory body to the Board of Directors comprising primarily directors in charge of divisions and departments. Under the guidance of this committee, the Kissei Group has put a management system in place to prevent the occurrence of possible risks and monitors its progress.

The process of developing pharmaceuticals—from the R&D stage to approval and sales—requires large investments of both time and funds. Kissei estimates its medium- to long-term business performance based on an anticipated drug discovery schedule that is regularly revised, from non-clinical trials to clinical trials, application for approval, and acquisition of approval. However, when developing new drugs, the chances of discovering beneficial indications are limited. In addition, Kissei can neither guarantee that a new drug undergoing development or an additional indication will have its intended benefit nor pre- dict when or whether the drug will be approved.
2 Medical System Reform
Prices of pharmaceuticals in Japan are set based on the government’s NHI drug prices and are revised on a regular basis. There may be drastic reforms of medical and pharmaceutical administrative systems that go beyond Kissei’s expectations, including revisions to Japan’s health insurance system, such as the introduction of diagnosis procedure combinations or the promotion of generic drugs, which would negatively impact Kissei’s operating results and financial position.
3 Competition with Other Companies’ Products
The Kissei Group faces competition from companies selling products with the same application as its own. In addition, once a patent expires, Kissei faces price competition with generic products of the same composition. This com- petition could have a serious impact on the sales of existing drugs.
4 Unexpected Side Effects
Unexpected side effects undiscovered at the R&D stage sometimes appear after a drug has already been marketed. If unexpected side effects or serious adverse events occur, the use of a drug may be limited or sales of the drug may be terminated completely.
5 Manufacturing and Procurement
Malfunctions with production equipment or the inability to procure raw mate- rials in a timely fashion could delay or shut down drug manufacturing. In addi- tion, if a quality problem causes a drug to be recalled, or if shipments have to be adjusted because supply cannot keep up with demand, there could be a negative impact on Kissei’s operating results and financial position.
6 Intellectual Property Rights
If the Kissei Group is unable to appropriately protect its intellectual property, a third party may be able to use the Group’s technology, which would undermine its competitive superiority in the market. Conversely, if the Group’s business activities are with intellectual property rights owned by third parties, it may lead to associated disputes and damages or the suspension of said business activities.
7 Litigation
At present, there is no outstanding litigation affecting the Kissei Group’s man- agement. There is the possibility, however, that in the course of its business activities, the Group could face lawsuits in the future both at home and abroad regarding patents, product liability, the environment, labor matters, fair trade, or other issues.
8 Environmental Conservation
Pharmaceutical chemical substances used in research and manufacturing processing could have an impact on the environment. Every department and work site of the Kissei Group is working diligently to follow stringent substance management rules to protect the environment. However, if chemical substances were found to have polluted areas around a work site, legal action may be taken against the work site, and Kissei may be faced with large costs to undo the environmental damage caused, which would negatively impact Kissei’s operating results and financial position.
9 Information Security Management
Business may be hindered by cyberattacks on the various information systems used by the Kissei Group. The Group is therefore paying close attention to the need to protect information by establishing strict rules for the management of personal and confidential information, as well as providing education on this issue to employees. However, there is the possibility that an unexpected inci- dent occurs in which information is improperly disclosed. In such an event, the Kissei Group’s image may be tarnished, which could negatively impact Kissei’s operating results and financial position.
10 Large-Scale Disasters and Pandemics
Business activities could be suspended due to damage incurred by Kissei or its partners caused by fires, floods, and accidents stemming from natural disas- ters, such as earthquakes or typhoons, or pandemic outbreaks of new strains of influenza or other diseases. As a result, Kissei may experience losses in terms of time and money, which could negatively impact its operating results and financial position.
Regarding the COVID-19 pandemic, Kissei has newly formulated its Standards Related to the Act on Special Measures for Pandemic Influenza and New Infectious Diseases Preparedness and Response and the Act on the Prevention of Infectious Diseases and Medical Care for Patients with Infectious Diseases, which is based on its Risk Management Regulations. Using these standards, Kissei is implementing measures to emphasize the safety of employ- ees and related parties and ensuring a stable supply of its products.
11 Assets Under Possession
Kissei evaluates its business assets, investment securities, and other assets quarterly in accordance with its accounting policy. If there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the value of a business asset, the Group may be forced to record an impairment loss. Regarding investment securities, there is the possibility that the Group records an impairment loss after taking a com- prehensive account of its business plan, or looking at market conditions for investment securities with a market price, or the net worth of companies with unlisted shares and no market price.
12 Recoverability of Deferred Tax Assets
If there is insufficient taxable income to deem deferred tax assets as recoverable, a reversal of deferred tax assets may be issued.


Kissei has established the Compliance Committee to optimize com- pliance promotion, implement the Compliance Program, and serve as an advisory body to the Board of Directors. The committee is chaired by the director in charge of ethics and the environment and is composed of managers from each division. It discusses and deter- mines a specific implementation plan for the Compliance Program for each fiscal year. Once this plan has been determined, the CSR Promotion Office (which serves as the compliance department), the division managers (who are in charge of compliance promotion and are also members of the Compliance Committee), and the Compliance Promotion Supervisor develop and conduct specific activities for compliance education and understanding.
In addition, the Kissei Group engages in Groupwide compliance practices led by compliance officers appointed by each Group com- pany. The Kissei Group Compliance Officers’ Meeting is held regularly, during which these compliance officers share implementation plans, report results, and exchange information. At these meetings, officers also receive education and training.
As a member of a life-related industry, the high ethical standards demanded of the Group are a given. However, if we can commit to not only complying with the law but also maintaining these high ethical standards and fulfilling our social responsibilities, we stand to gain a greater degree of trust from society, which is true for Group companies as well. Therefore, we are working to practice compliance on a daily basis with this goal in mind.
Compliance Promotion Activities
Continued compliance education and training is essential to firmly entrench the importance of observing the law and internal regula- tions as well as corporate ethics, and to ensure that all officers and employees fulfill their responsibility toward proper compliance. The Company provides rank-based education to officers, division and department managers, newly appointed managers and supervisors, and new employees. In addition, employees also receive education and training for work directly related to their duties, covering the Pharmaceutical and Medical Device Act and guidelines regarding the provision of sales information for pharmaceutical drugs. Additional focus has been placed on the topic of harassment, an important issue for companies with the growing awareness of different forms of harassment in recent years.
Other efforts to raise employee awareness regarding compliance include regular messages from top management, and the Company’s Compliance Program Manual, which is distributed to every employee and serves as a guide to daily activities and conduct for ensuring proper compliance.

Whistleblowing and Consultation System “Kissei Hotline”
In response to amendments to the Whistleblower Protection Act (Act No. 51 of 2020), the Kissei Group has established the Kissei Hotline, its whistleblowing and consultation system. The goal of the Kissei Hotline is to protect whistleblowers while preventing the violation of laws and regulations within the Group, as well as any damage or losses that could result from these violations. Moreover, the hotline serves to heighten self-regulation among Group companies. Officers, employees, and retirees can file a report or consult with an external contact independent of the Company regarding legal violations or harassment within the Group. The external contact can be reached by phone, email, sending a physical document, or via a dedicated website. Furthermore, users of the hotline can opt to remain anonymous, in which case the Company will not know who is filing the report.

Every year, we conduct a Compliance Status Questionnaire targeting all employees. This questionnaire allows employees to check their level of understanding, while allowing the Company to confirm whether proper compliance is being carried out, and work toward even more thorough compliance practices. The response rate to the questionnaire has remained high since it was introduced in 2005, with the response rate in fiscal 2020 reaching 94.3%.
The results of the questionnaire are collected and analyzed and then feedback is provided to each division and department, which the Division Manager in charge of compliance promotion, the Compliance Promotion Supervisor, and other persons in charge use to provide appropriate compliance education to employees.
Going forward, we will continue to utilize these questionnaire results and improve our workplace environment while striving to raise awareness of compliance further.

