Management Material Issue 1: Environment
Taking Action on Climate Risk through Business Activities
Background to Identifying this Material Issue Daito Trust’s Policies
        • Stricter environmental regulations such as on greenhouse gas emissions
• Adoption of ESG as criteria for lending
• Worsening working conditions due to environmental degradation
• Fluctuating lumber prices
• Increasing need to promote forest recirculation1-1. 100% renewable energy in business activities (contribute to achieving RE100)
1-2. Increasing energy efficiency (contribute to achieving EP100)
1-3. Procuring and using wood in a sustainable mannerFormulation of Environmental Management Strategy
Based on the core concept of and a recognition that contributing to the environment also increases our corporate value, in 2020, the Group formulated an environmental management strategy, the Daito 2050 Environmental Vision. We believe, moving forward, it is vital we integrate environmental management and growth strategies for the sustainable growth of the Group. We aim to both solve environmental issues and generate profits while leveraging the Group’s strengths including our management resources and accumulated expertise. New Environmental Management Strategy
Daito 2050 Environmental Vision
As an environmental leader, we will contribute to the realization of a sustainable society through our business activities
            Construction
Consider the environment and reduce CO2 emissions during construction
Lifestyle
Completely eliminate CO2 emissions from our residential buildings
Waste
Recycle all types of waste
Business
Completely eliminate CO2 emissions during our business activities
Nature
Create a society that coexists with the natural environment
People
Develop environmentally conscious people and an environmentally friendly organization55
Daito Group
100% Renewable Energy in Business Activities (Contribute to Achieving RE100)
 RE100 Membership
Renewable Energy 100 (RE100) is an international environmental initiative uniting businesses that have set themselves the target of sourcing 100% renewable energy to meet the energy requirements of their business activities. The Daito Group joined RE100 in January 2019 with a view to ensuring 100% of the electricity consumed by our business activities will come from renewable sources by 2040. We are moving toward 100% renewable energy as our contribution to the proliferation and promotion of renewable energy throughout society, which is the RE100 philosophy.
RE100 TargetsSource 100% of electricity used for our business activities from renewable sources by 2040Contribute to the increased use of renewable energy by increasing solar power generation equipment in rental housing
Issuing Green Bonds and
Installing 10,000 New Solar Panels
The Daito Group will install 10,000 new solar panels, owned by the Group, on the roofs of rental buildings we manage nationwide as part of our efforts to contribute to the proliferation of renewable energy. By utilizing the electricity we generate in the common areas of the rental buildings we manage and our offices as well as by selling surplus electricity, we will contribute to the proliferation of renewable energy and further reduction in CO2 emissions throughout society.
Additionally, in conjunction with the installation of these new solar panels, we established the Daito Group Green Bond Framework in October 2021, and, from November 2021, we plan to raise funds by issuing green bonds (unsecured straight corporate bonds) under this framework.
Shifting to Renewable Energy in
Our Head Office
From November 2021, our Group’s head office, the Shinagawa East One Tower building, has started shifting to renewable energy sources. The electricity used is renewable biomass energy generated by burning domestically produced wood such as unused wood from forests, sawmill offcuts, and waste wood. This is expected to reduce annual CO2 emissions from the use of electricity by approximately 1,600 tons for the Group and approximately 5,400 tons for tenant companies. We will help to decarbonize the business activities of our Group and tenant companies by continuing and expanding this initiative.
 Daito Group Green Bonds
https://www.kentaku.co.jp/corporate/en/ir/greenbond.html
 Reducing Greenhouse Gas and Improving Energy Efficiency
 EP100 Membership
Energy Productivity 100 (EP100) is an international environmental initiative that promotes energy efficiency through energy conservation initiatives. The Group joined EP100 in September 2020 with the goal of doubling energy efficiency (net sales/energy consumption) by 2030 compared to FY2017. Our EP100 commitments are positioned as an extension of the SBT greenhouse gas reduction and RE100 renewable energy promotion initiatives. We will contribute to realizing a decarbonized society through a combination of these three initiatives.
Greenhouse Gas Reduction Targets Get SBT Approval
Our Group has set Scope 1, 2, and 3 greenhouse gas reduction targets in our medium- to long-term environmental targets. In January 2019, our targets received approval from the Science Based Targets (SBT) initiative, meaning they were considered scientifically grounded for limiting global warming to below 2°C, the goal of the Paris Agreement. Furthermore, in March 2020, after updating our reduction targets to achieve the new 1.5°C SBT target—which goes beyond the previous target of well below 2°C—our new targets were verified 1.5°C-aligned. To realize these verified greenhouse gas reduction targets, we will actively utilize renewable energy, while also continuing our initiatives to grasp and reduce our greenhouse gas emissions from our business activities including procurement of raw materials, production processes, logistics, and our supply chain.
Targets
SBT-Certified Greenhouse Gas Reduction Targets
 Doubling our energy efficiency by FY2030 (compared with FY2017)
  CO2 emissions from energy used in business (Scope 1 and 2)
55% reduction (SBT 1.5oC level) By 2030 (compared with FY2017)
SBT certification: Recertified in March 2020
 CO2 emissions from use of the Group’s rental housing complexes (Scope 3)
16% reduction (SBT 2oC level) By 2030 (compared with FY2017)
SBT certification: Certified in January 2019
  Integrated Report 2021
56

Management Material Issue 1: Environment
 Procuring and Using Wood in a Sustainable Manner
Promotion of Supply Chain Management
The Group has established an Eco-Friendly Supply Chain Management Policy and aims to build a sustainable supply chain. We have also formulated our own unique Wood Procurement Guidelines and keep our business partners informed about these guidelines. These guidelines stipulate our policy to source legitimate, sustainable wood and forest resources in favor of wood that could adversely affect biodiversity.
Moreover, we purchase all our wood from timber manufacturing companies who procure their raw materials from CAS-, ISO- and FSC-certified forests. We will continue monitoring the wood supply chain, and aim to eliminate the destruction of forests caused by wood procurement.
Promoting the Proliferation of CLT
In October 2019, the Group started selling Forterb, Japan’s first building product constructed using a standardized and industrialized CLT-based process, which utilizes our independently developed cross-laminated timber (CLT) construction method.
CLT-based construction methods emit significantly less greenhouse gas emissions at the time of construction when compared with using reinforced concrete, and also has a considerable energy-saving effect on the buildings themselves. It also promotes forest recirculation through responsible use of wood, which helps lead to a further reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. In addition, CLT allows us to reduce the amount of greenhouse gases emitted during demolition when compared with reinforced concrete, thereby reducing environmental impact across the entire life cycle of the building. We will continue striving to reduce environmental impacts by looking for ways to use CLT in even more types of buildings.
 Risks and Opportunities Relating to Climate Change (TCFD Disclosure)
In May 2019, Daito Trust declared its support for the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations. We strive to ascertain the risks and opportunities that climate change presents for our business, and to disclose information in accordance with TCFD guidelines. Accordingly, the Group has evaluated the impact on the business over the short-, medium-, and long-term in future climate change scenarios (the “less than 2°C scenario” and the “4°C scenario”).
  Less than 2oC
4oC
Short term
 Medium term
 Long term
 Short term
 Medium term
 Long term
   Policy/legal
 Technology
 Market
 Acute
 Chronic
    —A Higher operating costs from introducing carbon tax
—B (Scope 1 and 2)
—A Reduced demand from property owners due to higher material
—B costs induced by a carbon tax
Higher installation costs for charging
—A
—B Purchase costs for renewable
—C energy
Carbon tax
Portion reduced by incorporating SBT
Portion reduced by lower sales
Portion reduced by incorporating SBT
stations due to EV adoption
For green power certificate
Reduced value of power certificates due to FIT
Disposal and purchase costs for panels and PCs
Charging income
Decreased demand due to price increases resulting from shift to ZEH
Suppression of decline in demand through impact of ZEH energy savings
(0.57) (0.91)
0.25 0.62
(2.89) (4.58)
0.14 0.52
(0.10) (0.16)
(0.09) (0.14)
0.0 0.01
0.0 (0.95)
0.0 0.0
(0.16) (0.53)
0.04 0.24
0.0 (0.04)
0.0 (0.03)
0.0 (0.76)
0.0 (0.21)
0.0 (0.68)
(0.04) (0.09)
(1.27) 0.0
1.27 0.0
(6.42) 0.0
1.93 0.0
(0.11) 0.0
(0.07) 0.0
0.07 0.0
(3.06) 0.0
4.30 0.0
(0.53) 0.0
0.24 0.0
(0.12) 0.0
(0.07) 0.0
(1.17) 0.0
(0.42) 0.0
(1.01) 0.0
(0.22) (0.11)
(Billions of yen)
0.0 0.0
0.0 0.0
0.0 0.0
0.0 0.0
0.0 0.0
0.0 0.0
0.0 0.0
0.0 0.0
0.0 0.0
0.0 0.0
0.0 0.0
(0.06) (0.18)
(0.04) (0.11)
(1.08) (3.25)
(0.47) (1.86)
(1.51) (2.02)
(0.22) (0.54)
        —D
—A
—B ZEH market expansion
 Profit impact of
  Greater wind and water damage during construction
 Impact of wind and water damage
Impact of rising temperatures
Impact of wood price inflation
Greater loss for solar generation equipment
Lower demand resulting from higher owners’ costs
Restrictions on working hours and the resulting longer construction times
Higher cooling costs
Higher construction costs
     57
Daito Group
*“Profit impact of ZEH market expansion” has been revised from the figures disclosed in Integrated Report 2020 as a result of more detailed analysis. Short term: 2023–25; medium term: 2030s, first half; long term: 2040s, latter half
In line with the Daito Group’s New Five-Year Plan, business expansion is set through FY2023; after that growth is fixed.
Transition risks Physical risks

Transition risks
Policy/legal
Climate Change Risks in the Construction and Real Estate Industries
We analyzed the impact on operating costs based on the scenario of a carbon tax being adopted in future by projecting the cost of the tax on greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions from Company business activities. This analysis found the impact to be minimal due to reductions made in line with the Science Based Targets (SBT) initiative.
We analyzed the impact on costs being passed on to products based on the projected tax on greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions from Company raw material procurement (Scope 3 Category 1). Moreover, we projected the carbon tax on GHG emissions from our activities at local sites and analyzed operational (construction) costs and the resulting costs that would be passed on to our products.
Based on this analysis, we then analyzed the impact on demand due to the increased cost per building constructed. This analysis found the impact to be minimal due to reductions made in line with the Science Based Targets (SBT) initiative.
We analyzed the potential for increases in unit prices of electricity under the case of a carbon tax being adopted in future. We also analyzed the resulting potential for increases in tenancy rates at housing featuring energy conservation and renewable energy, and for decreases in tenancy rates at housing without such measures. (Quantitative assessment is deferred until later.)
   Higher operating costs from introducing a carbon tax (Scope 1 and 2)ResponseWe are making reductions in line with science-based reduction targets.Reduced demand from property owners due to higher material costs induced by a carbon taxResponseWe are proactively working to transition to low GHG emission construction techniques such as by developing and promoting sales of CLT. Also, we are working on initiatives to reduce GHG emissions in line with SBT and introducing renewable energy to construction sites in line with Renewable Energy 100% (RE100).Impact on occupancy rates due to carbon price
Response
Technology
Market
Evaluation
Acute
Chronic
Scenarios Used
· Sustainable Development Scenario (SDS): a scenario where the probability of keeping global average rises in temperature to less than 1.75°C is 50% (that is, of going beyond the 2°C target). This is used in this report as the less than 2°C scenario.
· New Policies Scenario (NPS): a scenario where factors are reflected such as policies and effective measures announced by governments in recent years and targets of each country in accordance with the Paris Agreement. This is used in this report as the 3°C scenario.
· Stated Policies Scenario (STEPS): equal to the above New Policies Scenario (NPS). This scenario reflects the announced policy intentions of each country, and its name has been changed to emphasize it is not a prediction of the International Energy Agency (IEA). This scenario is adopted from World Energy
We are working on measures toward greater energy conservation performance of our housing.
      Higher installation costs for charging stations due to EV adoption
We analyzed the cost of installing electric vehicle (EV) charging stations and maintenance costs under the projected case of using EVs in our fleet for business activities and the rollout of charging stations to our nationwide branch network.
Response
       A loss of trust from stakeholders and our brand loses power from a delay in responding to climate changeWe analyzed the impact from a capital and financing point of view—due to the fact overseas investors own 49% of the Company’s stock and given the trend toward ESG (environmental, social and governance) investing—under the case of the Company’s responses to climate change being delayed. (Quantitative assessment is deferred until later.)
ResponseWe are progressing with various climate change countermeasures with a view to improved ESG-related evaluation.Physical risks
  We analyzed the impact on cost such as increased cost of insurance and damage during construction under the case of future increases in flooding and wind damage risk due to the impact of climate change.
We analyzed the impact on cost such as increased cost of insurance and damage to solar power generation facilities under the case of future increases in flooding and wind damage risk due to the impact of climate change.
We analyzed the impact on demand of higher insurance expenses and higher expenses per building unit facing property owners under the case of future increases in flooding and wind damage risk due to the impact of climate change.
We analyzed the impact of higher construction costs and the impact of decreased demand due to higher product costs under the case of increased wood procurement costs due to the impact of climate change in future.
ResponseWe are progressing with construction planning accounting for risks associated with increases in flooding and wind damage in recent years.ResponseWe are progressing with solar power installation planning accounting for risks associated with increases in flooding and wind damage in recent years.Response
We are moving forward with electrification of our fleet, and have installed seven charging stations at Daito Trust stores in 2019 and 11 in 2020. We will continue to gradually transition to EVs and install charging stations.
   Renewable energy purchasing costs
We analyzed—under a future case of progress in purchasing renewable energy toward achieving RE100—cost projections of our solar power generation business, of purchase prices of renewable energy, disposal costs of solar power generation facilities, and cost of purchasing power converters.
Response
We are progressing with our response to changes in future purchasing costs of renewable energy by advancing with Group possession of renewable energy generation sources though our solar power generation business.
  Profit impact of net zero energy housing (ZEH) market expansion
We analyzed the impact on revenue—under the future case of further transition to ZEH rental housing in line with the Japan’s ZEH roadmap—under two scenarios: demand decreases due to an increase in ZEH construction costs, and demand increases due to impact of ZEH energy savings.
Response
We are progressing with development and sale of ZEH rental housing complexes that have lower prices and are more energy efficient.
  Increase in wind and water damage during constructionIncrease in damage to solar power generation facilities as a result of wind and rainDecline in demand as a result of increased costs to property owners due to wind and water damage
We are progressing with sales strategies accounting for risks associated with increases in flooding and wind damage in recent years.
      Restrictions on working hours due to rising temperatures and the resulting longer construction times
We analyzed the impact on cost of higher construction expenses due to the increase in construction days per building unit under the case of the necessity in future of imposing restrictions on summer working hours for construction work as a result of rising temperatures and other effects of climate change.
Response
We are progressing with construction planning placing highest priority on safety such as restricting summer work hours in response to the rising temperatures of recent years.
   Increase in cooling costs due to rising temperatures
We analyzed the impact on cost of additional heating and lighting expenses under the case of the future need to enhance cooling and air conditioning at worksites because of rising temperatures and other impacts of climate change.
Response
We are promoting measures such as working from home and casual business attire in summer in response to rising temperatures in recent years.
   Increase in construction costs due to higher prices for wood
Response
We are progressing with diversification of wood procurement sources and with measures in response to increases in procurement costs.
   Outlook 2019, a report published by the IEA on the outlook for energy demand and technological
developments.
· Current Policies Scenario (CPS): a scenario that reflects current laws and policies. It omits policy
intentions of national governments and ambitious targets. The rise in temperature of this scenario is
greater than NPS or STEPS.
· Reference Technology Scenario (RTS): a baseline scenario that considers current energy and
climate-related commitments of each country including Nationally Determined Contributions (NDCs) pledged under the Paris Agreement. It is used in the IEA’s Energy Technology Perspectives (ETP).
Integrated Report 2021
58