Management Material Issue 2: Society
Contributing to a Society Where No One Is
Left Behind
Background to Identifying this Material Issue
Daito Trust’s Policies
         • Declining rural populations and increasing urbanization
• Promotion of sustainable urbanization
• Decreasing number and aging of construction workers
• Increasing number of foreign workers
• Increasing number of single-person, dual-income, and dual-income-no-kids (DINKS) households2-1. Regional revitalization through business activities
2-2. Revitalizing and creating jobs at local companies
2-3. Providing work and a place to live for everyone2-1. Regional Revitalization through Business Activities
Helping to Combat Rural Population Decline and to Build Neighborhoods
As a Group that takes a nationwide community-based approach to the development of our business, regional revitalization is one of our social responsibilities. This guides our aim to contribute to improving regional value and sustainability, combating rural population decline, and developing neighborhoods through our business activities such as the provision of housing, commercial facilities, and public services.
Under the New Five-Year Plan, while expanding our business domains, we are working on expanding nursing care and nursery school businesses and attracting commercial and business facilities to rural areas. In the future, in tandem with strengthening our core business, we will focus on regional revitalization and combating declining populations to maintain and expand our rental housing supply areas. Moreover, we will actively participate in public works projects such as PFI.
2-2. Revitalizing and Creating Jobs at Local Companies
Strengthening Partnerships with Local Partner Companies and Helping Neighborhoods and People to Thrive
While the Group will continue creating jobs for local companies through the implementation of the Lease Management Trust System, we will further strengthen partnerships with local companies such as through the Daito Kentaku Partners Association, real estate partner companies, and financial institutions, and will work to revitalize local companies.
Since the start of the New Five-Year Plan, we have expanded our business domains and worked to strengthen partnerships with local partner companies, such as starting a franchising business for our rental brokerage, E-Heya Net, and starting a customer introduction business for custom-built homes to local builders and design offices. We aim to strengthen each of these measures going forward. We will also be mindful of the working environments and human rights at our partner companies and will contribute to nurturing and revitalizing talent in the construction and real estate industries as a whole.
2-3. Providing Work and a Place to Live for Everyone
Creating a Prosperous Society Where
Everyone Can Live with Peace of Mind
The Group will provide housing and employment opportunities where everyone can have peace of mind regardless of gender, nationality, race, age, and so on. We are providing agency guarantee services specialized for foreign and elderly tenants so that all our rental housing tenants can live with peace of mind. In terms of employment, we are actively supporting the intake of foreign technical interns and have accepted a total of 955 interns to date (as of the end of September 2021). In the future, when the number of foreign residents is expected to increase, we will continue strengthening our support for foreigners, such as expanding services for foreign residents and supporting the transition from foreign technical interns to specified skilled workers. Our
aim is to help create a prosperous society where everyone can thrive and live with peace of mind.59
Daito Group