Management Material Issue 3: Talent/Organization
Instilling a Corporate Culture Where Everyone Can Grow and Take on Challenges
Background to Identifying this Material Issue
Daito Trust’s Policies
         • Declining working-age population
• Promotion of diversity
• Promotion of work-style and workplace reforms
• Diversification of life paths and lifestyles
• Balancing work satisfaction and economic growth3-1. Providing opportunities for taking on challenges
3-2. Fostering and securing highly specialized talent
3-3. Constructing an environment that encourages growth and challenge3-1. Providing Opportunities for Taking on Challenges
Enhancing Our Systems and Environments to Foster an Entrepreneurial Spirit in Our Employees
In our current, drastically changing operating environment, new perspectives and new challenges are indispensable for the sustainable growth of the Group. To this end, the Group will foster an entrepreneurial spirit in our employees and will promote initiatives to encourage them to take on challenges.
One such initiative is our in-house venture system, Mirai-novator. Launched in April 2020, this is an initiative where employees develop and propose new business concepts with the aim of commercializing them. We have already had more than 800 business proposals including some which have moved to the stage of trialing sales and services, such as the private room rental business, E-Heya Space, and the tailor-made DIY service for rental housing, CODD.
Moving forward, we will continue nurturing sustainable talent, such as providing opportunities to take on planning challenges that take into account material issues.
3-2. Fostering and Securing Highly Specialized Talent
Fostering IT Talent Indispensable for Our DX Strategy and Focusing on Strengthening Skills in Each Area of Expertise
We are focusing on developing and securing highly specialized talent to achieve our New Five-Year Plan. We are working to secure outside specialists by introducing and utilizing a job-based employment system in departments specializing in IT to accelerate the
promotion of DX. We are also accelerating our efforts to develop our organization as well as our talent to enhance inside sales and digital marketing toward capturing increased non-face-to-face sales demand resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic and in the post- pandemic market.
We will strengthen our competitiveness by securing specialized talent through the expansion of the job- based employment system beyond our IT departments in the future. We will also continue supporting our employees in obtaining professional qualifications such as first-class architectural and first-class construction management engineering qualifications, which are indispensable for maintaining the competitive advantage of our core business.
Innovation Is Born in Workplaces Where There Is Mutual Respect for Diverse Personalities
and Values
Daito Trust has, for example, since July 2021, started implementing internal systems that take sexual orientation into consideration such as a “Family-ship System” that regards relationships of same-sex partners as being equivalent to marriage and allowing the use of a “chosen name” in place of one’s actual name for work purposes. We are continuing to promote measures to support employees in self-development and in taking on challenges under our New Five-Year Plan, such as by developing new businesses that can utilize acquired qualifications and expanding personnel evaluations related to sustainability (non-sales performance evaluations).
 3-3. Construct an Environment that Encourages Growth and ChallengeIntegrated Report 2021
60