We ensure fair rental supply planning and rent setting at the Group through our nationwide network of 1,037 rental marketing professionals (as of June 2021) at 155 sites across the country, who collate trends in rental housing supply and demand and rents. These trends are then managed and analyzed using our unique centralized land and rental property information management system, DK MAP. We also ensure this fairness by thoroughly revising areas where supply is suspended on an annual basis. The mission of our Group is to supply buildings that maximize the value of the land they are on. Recently, with a backdrop of concern about oversupply of rental housing, our aim is for a system in which we supply the necessary buildings where they are needed by investigating and analyzing the land of each landowner from all angles. Our New Five-Year Plan aims at more objective and appropriate local area marketing by further enhancing our existing initiatives while also using a rent appraisal system that utilizes artificial intelligence.

In line with our Corporate Philosophy of realizing extensive and effective use of limited land, we will continue working to expand the scope of utilizing our expertise that we have accumulated through our specialization in rental housing. We are, for example, progressing with new product development that addresses the changing needs of each plot of land, such as with the September 2020 launch of our first wooden warehouse flagship product, DK HUT, and November 2020 launch of the first one-story detached rental house in the cocoDaTe series, “cocoDaTe One’s.” Also, in July 2021, INVALANCE Ltd., which became a member of the Group in FY2020, launched a crowdfunding-style real estate investment vehicle, 72CROWD., where investors can start investing from ¥10,000. Our policy, under our New Five-Year Plan, is to expand and enhance services that have high synergies with our core business, such as promoting small-lot real estate securitization.

The Group has endeavored to provide services that utilize the Group’s technologies, resources, and economies of scale. For example, since October 2015, the credit card payment service that specializes in rental housing, provided by House Payment Co., Ltd., has been available not only for buildings under Group whole-building leases, but also for buildings handled by real estate companies nationwide. This is contributing to the proliferation of credit card settlement in the real estate sector. Moreover, in October 2021, we started a business that introduces customers considering building a custom-built home to local builders and design offices, taking advantage of our strong relationships with these partners.
Provision of value to our stakeholders and the construction and real estate industries enhances the value of our Group and helps to revitalize these industries as a whole. Going forward, we will continue aiming to expand our business domains and provide value to society by utilizing the Group’s technologies and expertise, such as external sales of call centers for real estate companies and inspection business utilizing our design and construction expertise.